per hillary:	1
in honor of long time fan - hillary clinton! metallica "hardwired . . . to self-destruct"	1
it's that time!!            …	1
wish: hrc, bill, you, obama, and george form a secret ninja society and take   down asap!!	1
former rep bob englis sc is a jackass! it seems to be an obsession w   &   to play the "gotcha hillary" game!	1
witter.com/hillarypix/status/851931436076507137 …	1
morons against government availability,   clinton would have been such a better choice. she did win the	1
i'm still with her!	1
inspiring! it's great to see how we are not only activating ourselves but also our youth!  ignore the haters.	1
trump is a discrace.	1
so much so. first positive day since november 8th. still sad you're not my president.	1
we believe in you.	1
you can never lose when you have integrity, dedication and perseverance. you never let them see you sweat.	1
rt    such a breathtaking moment ...	1
you never know who you may meet out on a walk.      a mom ran into hillary clinton walking...	1
i wish you won the election and so sad you didn't but thank you for paving the way for future female leaders!	1
awwwww.	1
, hey, just fyi, i'm from louisiana & i voted 4 hillary!! :)))	1
thanks but no thanks.	1
apparently, there r still 2 many bone heads who want 2 put a "lose cannon" n the white house!! :((	1
had she spoken with emotion like this during campaign think she'd be heading back 2 the white house	1
he will never be my president!	1
the world cannot let him even get close to the	1
feeling privileged to have voted for our first female president!	1
that's because they can't compete with          can't wait!	1
"clintondale" feels better than "trumpsville!" it could be "a wonderful life" with	1
deportation of people will be high if   wins and again he's a bully and bully has no remorse 4 nobody.	1
- so beautiful! so moving & true. letsdothis!	1
lets do this!	1
trolling madam president clinton's page!  lol losers sorry for your luck	1
it is all about his distorted view of reality and authentic people! don't get mad, vote!     & cares	1
message to the "good ole boys".   when u don't take care of your   it goes into	1
first   now   and   are coming to concert tonite! great for 1 wk doorknocking	1
fantastic video!!	1
yes!! watch this video!!	1
shame on you for assuming there is no enthusiasm for   and perpetuating that myth.	1
first woman potus   let's do this democrats!  nov 8	1
how come you never draw crowds like this?	1
this, over and over again, this!!	1
this is awesome!  love seeing   relaxed and being herself.   she is one of us!	1
said     !!	1
proud to have voted for hillary!	1
proud to be standing with hillary clinton.	1
i would rather vote 4 someone that admits they made a mistake than a mistake	1
comon hillary clinton	1
for	1
hey   on our hillary hashtag: your boy is an idiot who gropes pussies. no comparison.	1
getting my halloween costume together.	1
mutual respect.	1
darned straight i am with her!!!	1
double eejit!    !!!	1
- it was an honor to vote for you today!	1
.  dear mr. dum dum, usa has only 1 florida.  so which is this florida that you will win?	1
love this!	1
so sick of hearing donald toot his own horn. can't wait til he gets beat so he'll shut the fuck up once and for all.	1
and   thought   won	1
stamina and a strong stomach.	1
an amazing video!this video is everything - meet martha and sara  rooksandliars.com/2016/10/campaign-video-everything … via	1
>> le tigre: "i'm with her" (official music video)  n.is/  … via	1
no fun. such an easy win. 1 woman broke the ceiling, the man dug a hole	1
going to vote today.	1
great job!!! thank you for your involvement with so many important issues.	1
thanks for follow! can't wait to see	1
starts   in   and i'm   for	1
she wins again!	1
positive vs negative.	1
he behaves like a 5 year old       kicking his ass	1
how can anyone follow his moronic ranting?	1
white pantsuit =	1
tax return.  touche!	1
what a goof	1
we demand he takes a drug test before he displays his drama.	1
.  .    ... maybe you "smart" people should research that,	1
.	1
.	1
no me either.	1
boohoo close the door on your way out.	1
keep   aka     away from va.	1
perhaps donald is confused about the difference between whining and winning.	1
i just checked in and	1
here bro check this out           pic.twitter.com/z978ewuukr	1
bullshit!!!   hillary show she is the winner	1
they see your true colors.	1
was so hilarious so true haha	1
her experience & brilliance makes her the right person to lead at this time in america's history!	1
check out t. r. ramachandran"s (  tweetstorm debunking many faked hillary scandals. great stuff!	1
9/11 tapes reveal raw and emotional hillary clinton	1
hey, newsflash paul lepage - bill clinton is not running for pres.   is!!!	1
it's   for   2think he can suppress dem votes weher	1
worth scrolling through the years. the comparisons are stark and may sway a few fence-sitters out there.	1
jeffrey39yrs	1
good thing it's day of the girl, huh?	1
just want to give a shout-out to   - so proud of you & campaign!  i'm with you - home  stretch!	1
scary demagogue	1
great job tonight secretary clinton! you made me proud to be an american	1
answer a question	1
"yes asshole. let me tell you what i have been doing for 30 years."	1
when i will be president we will get it done.	1
i'm with her! he's a big phoney!	1
when they go low, we go high.  classy lady!	1
locker room talk??? what locker rooms is this guy hanging out in? sexual assault isn't banter.	1
stronger together. come out swinging. you go girl!	1
let's drink! presidential debate night.	1
hillary will outshine with her intelligence, experience, and plan. trumps got nothing.	1
trumps the ass. hillary will mop the floor with him tonight	1
retweet if you think	1
i'm only following to see what stupid things you say next. the debate will be hilarious. hillary will win	1
perfection, of course!!!!!  he is an embarrassment on a global level. plus, he has no sense of humor.	1
if the polls were in trump's favor, then the polls wouldn't be rigged! lol	1
we have faith in   and support her 100% !	1
mrs   says "my husband is ready to support a strong women" . i like it ~!	1
sexist, racist, & just plain scary	1
tweeting just the facts. that's what we do. spreading lies is what you do   see you nov 8	1
get your head out of the sand     //	1
must read! rt pls!	1
a vote for them is wasting your vote. you might as well stay home. vote	1
prepárate donald! qué la miss universo a la que llamaste cerdita va a votar...	1
why i didn't support bernie - he reminded me of the men in the antiwar movement in the '60s who thought i was just a sex toy.	1
needs to come to arizona.      "the arizona republic"	1
it's true!  all our lives depend on it!  stop the haters and bigots!	1
i missed the debate, because i was watching  superbad, but it looks like the chick kicked ass!	1
noone needs a poll to tell them who won the debate. we are not blind and deaf and nonthinking.	1
i just checked in at	1
if you are still undecided about choosing the right candidate...	1
i'm with u hilary all the way girl	1
13   fact ck       vs	1
trump..	1
dan's the man! he's also right!	1
retweeted suzi hibbard (	1
he was flustered,angry,obnoxious,interrupting.it was a delight to watch..he delivered his 'unfit'100%..	1
hillary ruled the show  alkingpointsmemo.com/edblog/--100775  via	1
and alicia grew up and became american and guess for whom she is not voting for?	1
she killed it.	1
... yeah, love the message: prepare guys not for the debates prepare to be a president	1
great win tonight madam president          in	1
president	1
is crazy	1
so much for   having no   she is speaking at a watch event after close to 2 hours of debating	1
he opened a club... yes please be president.	1
prepárate donald! qué la miss universo a la que llamaste cerdita va a votar... xd	1
so, is anybody surprised that hillary beat his baby, whiny, tremendous ass?	1
hillary just took donald's hand size down a good knuckles worth.	1
a night of sniff, snort and gulp, gulp, gulp!	1
she was the adult in the room and he was the 5 year old. so proud of her	1
hillary won.	1
alicia machado seguro votará en noviembre...	1
is he being serious right now?  she lacks stamina?!?  has he been living in a cave?!?	1
what i hear when donald trump opens his mouth:	1
tried to vote in poll to show what a   trump is, but it won't take my vote.	1
take the oil?  if that's not an isis recruitment line, i don't know what is.     #	1
she's got this!     is losing it, actually he's already lost it	1
preach. the. choir!	1
deflect the truth trump once again. just because you didn't admit guilt doesn't mean that you did no wrong.	1
call. him. out!	1
trump failed! hillary won!	1
i prepared for this debate and i prepared for being president	1
donald trump just admitted he paid no taxes "makes me smart" he said	1
.  says violent crime is 1/2 of what it was in 1991. the is true, other than in chicago.	1
you did say it trump. lies. and your staff just deleted your tweet.	1
he's in business w/big banks in	1
hillary is killing it!   trump is a liar!	1
"we're like a third-world country."	1
why not???trump just admitted he might just blame hillary for everything that's ever happened! not kidding!	1
trump is sinking himself so huge tonight...big, huge!!           pic.twitter.com/4tyl4uyh4e	1
clinton: donald, i know you live in your own reality!	1
you are out of your league donald....	1
is rude and seriously uninformed	1
and	1
point blank	1
you got this!  let's keep   great.    let's show our   they can be anything.	1
it makes me happy that trump is president	0
when i am feeling depressed, i just think about hilary not being our president and then i feel much better.	0
such sore losers.	0
not loosing my sleep!!!     pic.twitter.com/aqxk70a4gd	0
election day is close! and honestly.....i don't care.	0
i'm a smart, daring, strong, bold woman! oh...no nevermind i can't be (silly me!) because i'm conservative...	0
love your videos  keep up the good work skeeter	0
pot.......kettle?! look in the mirror honey.	0
keep up the humour roseanne,love it and you for keeping it real!!	0
big deal, what's 2 mil.	0
hilary clinton sure is hilaryous	0
pic.twitter.com/25g3htxf0p	0
hrc has effectively created more divide between without even being elect	0
trump would love to talk to you, i think you have a lot of your facts wrong buddy.     trump=	0
what trump did to hilary	0
thank god for trump...  pic.twitter.com/fdysyggp83	0
lets go trump	0
the dude with the "turn to jesus" sign in times square is right, america needs jesus right now	0
high minimum wages means everything gets more expensive... how do you not understand that...	0
did she get on her broom and fly away!	0
can we just shut down the election & hand it over to   the only honest/normal one	0
i can promise you, y'all won't be seeing me with a "i voted" sticker.	0
pic.twitter.com/k8lprxtlbe	0
of course only tax payers understand this...	0
we need a women for president just really not this women   but so does	0
you have my vote as an independent female!america cannot take another shitty person as president!	0
donald, quick, trademark   before fritos uses it to bring back the frito bandito        pic.twitter.com/vl1oh6oyun	0
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah	0
if trump knew any real facts about haiti he could have literally dropped the mic on hilary.	0
russia did not write the exposed emails.dnc operatives did.  own your errors	0
omg, her voice gets on my last nerve. so annoying.	0
if you're voting for hilary and have yet to see 13 hours. i think you may reconsider.	0
pic.twitter.com/usymzikfdv	0
obama has moral and knowledge	0
who cares!! let the man have a free ride! hell thats what killary is trying to do for everyone but americans!!	0
ignorant ass people are now calling blacks voting for trump " uncle toms" . bitches be hating i guess.   "blacks for trump"	0
bring in the family from the benghazi victims and have hilary explain why they are no longer here with them..	0
&libtards zijn racisten.	0
trump says what everybody says in there heads but never say putload!	0
hilary supporters have nothing solid to say against trump.  all they have is insults.	0
probly some puss that doesn't like	0
i'm deplorable and irredeemable.....	0
everybody tweeting against trump keeps talking about the way he looks and acts.  listen to what is being said!	0
we're screwed for the next 4 years.	0
30 years and nothing	0
the presidential debate is getting !	0
hilary you can't be president of america mabe president of the email scandal	0
remember folks, flies land on shit.	0
i'm going monday and changing to an independent	0
not what i as expecting	0
pic.twitter.com/4rp5zmsvzi	0
wow could this moderator be anymore pro kaine!	0
what a db	0
mary jane <3               pic.twitter.com/v8jrugimja	0
donald trump could have had a more challenging debate with a chicken nugget honestly.	0
trump is kicking ass and taking names!	0
vote trump 2016	0
trump be careful standing up there with that murderer.	0
there's more choices people... stop, look, read, and listen...      b.me/ly3pnrqc	0
donald trump sucks but i would rather have him in office than this lieing piece of shit hilary. she should kill herself.	0
let's bring back	0
i just made this, thought it was kind of funny.         pic.twitter.com/hbtbdylu18	0
and   have become nothing more than fox news. so sad.     pic.twitter.com/vlcxrbf1s4	0
this presidential poll is really starting 2 heat up. i thought 4 sure the pistachio was running away with it. here comes trump!	0
hilary clinton missed two fundraising events in ca due to illness. shes filthy rich what more does she need?	0
happy birthday rachie! miss you       pic.twitter.com/qkeebgypvx	0
“  look: man's booby-trapped   sign thwarts would-be thief  nsider.foxnews.com/2016/09/06/mans-booby-trapped-trump-sign-hilariously-thwarts-would-be-thief …”      tho	0
no one will ever vote for you!	0
when will   and    grow up and be a candidate for president?	0
a women caused the downfall of samson, don't let a women cause the downfall of america!	0
best. shirt. ever.	0
and pos bernie is with her.	0
i just wanted to say, i hate feminists at west high.	0
who's with me.	0
we're basically stuck with a racist hitler, or a cringey inside job...	0
i don't know what i hate more. being the only conservative in my family or the group chat that have w/ me in it!   (not bill tho)	0
i added a video to a   playlist  outu.be/eis2zvk1qcw?a  strike.is funny moments!	0
press conference with the president!        ine.co/v/5qap7ipwtb5	0
pic.twitter.com/hd84wootri	0
pic.twitter.com/6yfpqvx8fd	0
i'm voting "none of the above" in november.	0
still blaming bush eh?  how far do u want to go back? truman	0
hilary is my new cure for restlessness	0
can't wait to hear all this bs @ 10	0
donald trump's favorite rapper is paul wall	0
bernie sucks for overlapping the bachelorette	0
she will not win	0
yes, how about cory running for prez this year !!	0
it's hard for me to remember last time i had so little respect for the nominee. dukakis? but at least he was honest and humble.	0
thank god for all these celebs shilling for hilary. they know best.	0
they say babies and animals can sense evil in things.         pic.twitter.com/uxmwpz1haj	0
i'm in! you?               pic.twitter.com/oqabueyssr	0
i respect many things he says and also   but he's simplicity of the issues is freighting	0
typical hilary fan	0
live on          …	0
fuck off	0
democrats with guns is so dangerous. ...look what happened in dallas...	0
what a joke            …	0
she lied and put american lives at stake	0
you can't blame   would you want to lose your job or end up dead?     nixon'sfamily	0
i don't know why hilary said we respect you vote. she rigged hers and she has not won anything. shut up hilary please!	0
she really would be another 4yrs of the other teleprompter jerk	0
the statement that brings liberals and conservatives from all over the country together.	0
13 hours an amazing movie we are a military family and we are sickened that hrc did nothing there are no words	0
tired of hilary like or retweet if you agree lets get   pic.twitter.com/j8wv9zwzh6	0
lmao! got em!      …	0
she is the worst human being alive. a muderer and a liar. i hope you rot in prison.	0
my hands are tied. i cannot vote for anyone in this years election. thank you	0
give me the bleach        pic.twitter.com/ahvqbjmok5	0
and those who are supporting her are not right in the mind.	0
i agree but americans are hostages to the media; who & where else should they go for news albeit treacherously false.	1
will somebody check and see what   is saying? he blocked me long ago when i opined on his    thx	1
leak your sextape!!	1
this is what   is all about	1
take many pics if u can!!	1
welcome d, thank you for your bravery, the kind that only comes with american spirit i applaud you.	1
want to find racists in your area ?	1
would make a great vp pick the   ticket	1
i love all my brothers and sisters, so if trump is a racist - then i must be one too.	1
did he get kicked out of bed or something? what happened to the   that caused me to stop watching	1
oh my had a tooth pulled ooch my ear hurts uugh and it was 2 days ago miss tweetin with yall but my head hurts   yall	1
i truly believe about 60% will stay home 20% hillary and 20%	1
outu.be/ye5buyf8q4o  4 u 2 ♡♡   yall	1
we allow 535 people to delegate our lives, that has to change.	1
should be a vp pick for     ticket would be epic	1
trump is like the gorilla of america. when our mother does us wrong(clinton), the gorilla gets shot(trump) for trying to save us.	1
throw any   bums off the   and make room for more   ! ♡♡♡♡♤	1
going over to italy now! gonna go spread some   this summer!!     trump   2016	1
wonderful to see	1
the blacks, the hispanics, the  chinese. other groups that love trump that he has failed to mention?	1
versus    i choose	1
come on out saturday to show   at what is going to be an awesome rally!!  b.me/8qmt9xanf	1
not at all.   amazing one man brought so many people worldwide together! friends for life!	1
leadership, image, charisma	1
u got it...♡♡   yall	1
the award for most misleading headline ever goes to   gotta keep the   rolling!	1
let's show   some love-jumped on   4 good of country &   r blasting him     witter.com/vivalaames/status/736740767301914627 …	1
strategy:       who's     has more   than any man	1
camping at   showing	1
there's   tony said "no one gets to be leader of great political party without having great gifts of character".	1
i think donald trump is actually a really influential man	1
thoroughly enjoyed your article! thanks for sharing the   experience!	1
the og gives   and is down to	1
live! from albuquerque, new mexico.	1
still, as usual no one really cares. it wasn't even mentioned on   (at least not by 8:00).	1
thank you     and r nr rules	1
it's one poll. maybe if you weren't drunk on   you would look at things more realistically.    witter.com/kylewrowley/status/734495977554350080 …	1
pass your digits to	1
surprise! wonder what got into fox, allowing exposure of unfair voting tactics. i am liking .	1
i bet hannity has never looked at his wife that way.	1
"if you need a shoulder or if you need a friend i'll be here standing until the bitter end"	1
i wonder how much $$ mika brzezinski is getting from donald trump? i used to love   but now it's impossible to watch.	1
national enquirer reports:  do contact    suffering from deep depression after being   replaced by .	1
i'm afraid that   is blinded by	1
keep sharing!!!	1
thanks   !!	1
a proven winner!	1
she is just precious,happy bday 2 kai.every moment is important.u seem to have an amazing,loving family.	1
djt!  donald john trump or donna joe tanner?	1
yes!! lets blow bernie's donations out of the water!!!	1
here are the final results for november.	1
until our dying days let's show   on the republican downstream ballots!	1
do you support/endorse the republican front runner? would you consider a   presidential ticket?	1
i'm calling it!	1
breaking: sources indicate   vetting   for possible vp running mate.	1
mia love for vp!!!!	1
many of us conservatives rallied against   before his rise to power another cause of	1
heard rand paul, general mattis, and mia love in the running ...   catchy	1
celebrates   by imposing tariffs on   until they give up jerusalem.he loves the jews!	1
[  file] starting to think about trump vp; rand paul? jim webb? general mattis? mia love? hmm... gotta like   tho	1
thank you gop, now we have trump.	1
yes buddy we need donald u do 2	1
maybe   should consider mia love as a vp! a   hashtag would kill liberals !!	1
how many more obviously senile ex-coaches are we going to have to hear blathering on about their   today?	1
congrats   hope the temporary ratings were worth your   because it cost you viewers like me.	1
lovin' the   already, ann!	1
cruz is a jealous stalker, he can't be trump & it kills him he can't crack the code. he just lies	1
cares about americans - not stealing delegates!!	1
in indiana!! 12,000 waiting to see our next president   !	1
fred "the hammer" williamson endorses   live from carmel, in	1
if you think trump supporters are stupid. watch what this and then answer.	1
you were suggested as a good choice for vp.  would you be interested?  nothing sounds better than	1
interesting rebuttal to   's   movement         witter.com/tjritter79/status/725671157500878848 …	1
beautiful   supporter!! bring it home california!!!	1
should b an interesting   boehner proves trump is gope w   trump accused of rape and endorsed by a rapist	1
this beautiful family support and love	1
.  i think   should "bow out". he's killed   with his slobbering	1
new camera w/twist! face photos detecting energy coming from heart. heart energy severely lacking carly.	1
are you blocked? please msg each other!!	1
hilary clinton deserved the blood clog.	0
rt         &   on   tonight talking about    witter.com/deannasdearo/status/367748911143743488/photo/1pic.twitter.com/qhlpw8bcsk	0
1 thing every candidate has in common,	0
can somebody please explain the vitriolic hate for hilary? to me, a liberal/ progressive who thought she was ok.	0
what's up with all the   haters gonna hate but she will always hibic.	0
made my day!            …	0
why do people hate   clinton so much? via   | a great article that attempts to represent the whole spectrum of	0
why is this a story..showing ur   again..i'm now waiting 4 ur   story	0
annnnnd we're back to helping sanders and bashing hilary.	0
it's not "   - i'm just confused as to why she can't wear something classic and flattering.	0
a man making money great! hillary mkeing money bad!! u guys r worthless. women can make money too.	0
pic.twitter.com/wj4wkq3tyn	0
bless everyone who is fighting the   the   & the   never give up.	0
just, you know they are   and       witter.com/odeecs/status/807953108605214720 …	0
as a new yorker, i'm thankful for officer elsokary's service; nyc's greatest wealth is our   where   has no home.	0
violence against trump supporters compilation.	0
twitter bans prominent trump supporter after 'star wars' boycott turns anti-semitic    …	0
prosecute us war crimes! sign & rt.   with global justice.    iy.rootsaction.org/petitions/people-of-the-u-s-and-world-ask-icc-to-prosecute-u-s-war-crimes?bucket=&source=twitter-share-button … via	0
welcome to             nazis & the klan and assorted fascists.	0
is really just plain vanilla   hiding behind   just ask	0
racist graffiti at giants player's home investigated as hate crime  orthjersy.news/2hoh8ba	0
union leader who called out donald trump is getting threats from trump supporters - cnbc	0
this attitude is accepted by the	0
another forgotten celebrity cashing in on the     train. apple, madonna & the rest can go back to forgotville.	0
you're not "dealing with me." impossible for you to understand me because you seem to be filled with   be well, dr.	0
the monster the   created.	0
oh look   on the   wagon	0
hoorah for this! thank you,   ! good work,	0
my gop bro said get out of ur liberal bubble. i did & learned     & i share	0
is a	0
thanks	0
a warning for americans from a member of pussy riot  yti.ms/2h3kwhx  maybe we can learn something from people of	0
in	0
you delete yours your tweets are same song difftent tune	0
trump responds immediately to saturday night live skit mocking his tweets  sat.ly/2gbsn7m  via	0
kkk ‘trump victory’ rally canceled as protesters flood streets in north carolina - vice	0
i will step up for any person marginalized by	0
witter.com/kkalmes2/status/805216546461282305 … the only thing necessary 4 triumph of evil [and tyranny] is 4 good people 2 do nothing. eb	0
'hero' muslim cop, son harassed by bigot in brooklyn. "i will cut your throat, go back to your country!”  ydn.us/2gu5n4j	0
fake media in chicago. blaming trump supporters for anti trumpster activity.     …	0
the trumpeffect	0
in   no less	0
this is alarming!	0
sisters in hijab, we are literally walking around with a target on our heads. be safe & exercise caution.	0
hey   how do you explain this and what is your feelings about it.	0
blue-haired woman sentenced to more than 100 days for scrawling anti-trump graffiti on govt. buildings	0
this is what   nominee thinks of transgender people!	0
subway attackers tried to rip off muslim woman's hijab, "get that f****** thing off your head!"	0
men screaming 'donald trump' attacked 18 year old muslim woman in hijab as she waiting for the 6 train.  othamist.com/2016/12/02/trumps_amerikkka.php …	0
stress induced in population has toll on creativity productivity and health ignorance is contagious	0
i'm a hillary supporter and i want a recount, i want authenticity of my vote.	0
hate toward muslims is growing and it’s donald trump’s fault - time   &   victimize millions	0
doubles down on   - claims government giveaways to save   jobs while saying   didn't save them all	0
this guy hates niggers as he called me       pic.twitter.com/t0snpwy83b	0
this is how we feel about overpaid   &other   telling us how much   they have..	0
sanctuary city: in new era of   santa monica police declare they will not enforce violations of extremis…	0
hey       try reporting on the   sweeping the nation	0
if you're standing there in $150 rain boots spewing slurs at people over a $1 bag, kinda goes without saying who you voted for.	0
this guy made a facebook death threat about pe trump.	0
… via	0
ymag.com/thecut/2016/11/90-percent-of-teachers-say-trumps-win-is-bad-for-students.html …	0
warning: undocumented workers who voted can be charged with a felony. will trump prosecute? burn a flag in protest.	0
philadelphia city attorney identified in connection with anti-trump vandalism          …	0
duh!     always comes out strong he doesn't mean it literally. u 2 need to get over your	0
.   weird watching libs getting off on bizarre fantasies about a 10yo boy they don't know, bcoz they can't contain their	0
hey dave, u need to lose your job.	0
dear   hahahahahahahahaha   congrats	0
better save up all those pennies for your next surgery or medical emergency. cuz we're all screwed.	0
dirty war - wikipedia are we headed for our own "dirty war"?       n.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/dirty_war	0
happy new year! in 2017, don't forget u received fewer popular votes than any president in us history.	0
here's a link to irs form 8821. can't wait to see your taxes. happy new year!      …	0
will	0
i think   show is like that - all   all time - not true comedy	0
yes i've had to block   and   trolls as well. regretfully...the impulse is to help them but they are hate driven.	0
thank u dean we need u!	0
most of us won't get credit for staying home, but do it anyway. c'est la vie.   end	0
so that means you will do your due diligence and stop the avalanche of   about   .	0
you, little lady, are acting out on your antisocial personality disorder and   petty jealousy is not pretty dear.	0
bravo to you for refusing to review and   books in 2017!	0
stop the    go usa!	0
not clever charlie. is that code for reporting to   out paisan.   skews your view.	0
child,everyone has opportunity to flip it,change pattern   believe their immune     for    witter.com/jessewmsuphan/status/814238309132210177 …	0
wait until repubs ram thru major cut 2 medicare & social security on 1/21/17 trump fans will be furious	0
2 months after     &   on    continues:        …	0
showing itself	0
north carolina christian pastor writes piercing open letter to hillary clinton    …     wwjv(for)	0
the architect of the most racist law in modern american history has been named to trump's team    …	0
this is so awesome!	0
don't give racist, fascist, hate speech a platform, to disseminate its rhetoric .	0
..speaking truth when truth counts most (i hope).	0
ppl repeatn him   no protection?        reversed   ??	0
i'm signing because i believe in love and unity.    b.me/11avcmans	0
listen up . our love is gonna   new world order is a rainbow so..jump on or disappear.	0
together we can      b.me/8mhdhuae9	0
here's the fist time, actually. notice i tried to resist at first and ignore your side-tracking obsession with	0
meet current reasons i'm out, i'm ashamed of lgbt hypocrites, & i won't get used 2 it!   is trumping capacity 2 love	0
we must resist "normalizing" treason and hate.	0
merry & blessed xmas and happy, healthy & prosperous 2017 to all my tweet peeps! god bless us everyone!!	0
witter.com/genyliz73/status/812353887210389504 …	0
let women control their bodies  radical thought.	0
typical     riding the   machine sic.	0
robert reich suggests     and people are taking sides	0
i know what i'll be watching	0
no! no "stepping aside" angel. we have to do this, no one else can.	0
new york city mayor's epic warning to president donald trump        …	0
b.me/3e6nngqws	0
oh you drained it, then filled in up again with the worst of the worst.	0
oh? it's lit!	0
.  wow. when you can only dredge up   from mcmullin quote? you're deep into fakenews territory	0
yes, some of them aren't hating enough!   and disgusts normal fathers everywhere!	0
disgusts normal fathers everywhere. sends her slumming on airplane to distract from   and	0
nothing that hasn't been said of hitler.	0
"remember only god can judge ya, forget the haters, because somebody 's ya" -	0
thissss	0
we'll meet again  n.is/  …	0
president-elect trump has the lowest approval rating of the past five presidents.	0
.tmz.com/  …	0
easy to find     but soon enough the symbols of power will be his. it will be fun watching you change your tune.	0
tech companies: pls no collaboration w/ trump 4    it.ly/2h5drjo	0
is the family of this loud mouth foul bigot ashamed or proud of her?	0
b.me/5qu4zjuhs	0
…          shine a light to this	0
i'm just gonna start calling this   because that's all a trump supporter can seem to spew.	0
"our" states did not us tho	0
undocumented immigrants brace for trump   slowly spreading fear	0
pennsylvania a.g. releases 'porngate' report — but without names why   voted          …	0
trump ?  4or   ? easy answer   plan	0
check your privilege before you wreck your privilege.	0
no surprise as   white nationalists target jews in small montana town” by    hinkprogress.org/white-nationalists-target-jews-in-small-montana-town-71f3ed16d14b  …	0
pic.twitter.com/pmibuvrom8	0
some1 at   better tell   2start acting professionally..we r sick of her	0
67m+ strong have opposed (  don't give up so easy	0
update: religious leaders declare bannon a threat    … via	0
looking forward to this immensely! worth the trip to birmingham for those further afield	0
?canceled press conference	0
school apologizes after racist fans hold trump sign & turn back on black basketball players   [video]	0
he has the same sad face on his chest too.	0
so you succumb to social blackmail. congrats on lacking a spine.	0
briton jailed over trump death plot - bbc news	0
...right beside a mounted baby seal! media's working hard to	0
florida man sets his ex-girlfriend's car on fire and faked a pro-trump hate crime	0
...the left is blinded by    nobody cared about the objective truth.  we need our   to broadcast a 2hr special about	0
sorry    i'm sick of       every week spewing out his   some1 else	0
to see what the enemy is planning: read it.            read what liberals are planning.	0
the   btw you look so amazing - those abs not an ounce of fat - how   thanks for the    witter.com/davidgoldbergny/status/808467210855399424 …	0
i like this! everyone needs to remember what he said!	0
virginia beach ihop server receives hateful message from customer	0
pic.twitter.com/7kwxwmu9dw	0
twitter, inc: ban donald trump from twitter - sign the petition!    … via	0
probably the same crowd who are desecrating mosques, spurred on by	0
so much hate in the country this week. most of it on twitter and other social media platforms. be kind to one another everyone!	0
la amo con mi vida!!!!!	0
