mt   every day   through his actions to   proves webster's correct.	1
so true!!!	1
president trump spends every waking moment making sure trump wins again!!!	1
truly is!	1
the funny thing about twitter...makes losers feel important. well, here's a little reality; you're not.	1
deport all immigrants and also all the people trashing our great president trump.	1
common sense will prevail	1
the american patriot empire fight begins soon..1 battle won .next the world!!!	1
who doesn't golf on weekends??	1
that would be a masterful strategy set in place..   hmm lol  eventually everyone had to get it..right?	1
keep up the good work     we love and support   our	1
he wont show them because we the people who voted for him like listening to you cry about it .	1
when trump is   liberals and their   feel the need to go low.	1
hate disguised in tax return vitriol.	1
very sad!	1
pres trump dropped   while pres obama dropped leaflets!	1
the difference is beautifully stunning	1
i am so greatful america finally has a president for the people!!	1
moab baby.	1
!boom boom boom! ... out go the lights!	1
isse bech trump nay afghan par giraya 'mother of all bomb'.	1
why should isis have all the fun	1
yay   love you man.	1
the left blames everyone for everything- either way	1
his awesomeness is such that the amount of stuff he got done was worth 2 extra weeks	1
you can keep on knockin' but you can't come in. are you still following *middle school* news? cnn? msnbc?	1
a fan base?!!! lmao  you are a putz! grow some balls!!!!!! hell i am a female and have more balls than you do!	1
love my president!!!	1
sadly this is true! love trump!!!   trump=people's president	1
gotta get some work done today so tty'all later! stay happy  better days are a comin'!	1
poor sad little snowflake ! crying  because you can't handle a real president!   get used to it!	1
usa   you president trump	1
mt   every day   through his actions to   proves webster's correct.	1
retweet if you think president trump is awesome!!!           what investigation	1
on   then he   over           !!   !!	1
to see   fighting for the   against   who used   -   !!   got hit   !!	1
anyone who left trump tonight didn't get it and they never were true supporters.	1
lol he's not obama the embarrassment!	1
ibstand with you on the bill o'reilly situation. some people are to lazy to work for it ($).	1
trump is awesome!!! he is "gettin er done" & taking care of business rebuilding/fixing our great country!	1
love my president!!!	1
love trump!!!!	1
sooooo refreshing.	1
love president trump!!!	1
love trump!!!	1
oh, and my bad for not numbering. it was my first time not using the 140 character rule. and i did it for a twit!	1
hey   when is   going to be cover boy?? waiting! zip it   not talking to you	1
move away from the magic box and koolaid, open your eyes to reality and you'll see us. we are everywhere!	1
msm=malicious shameful mockers trump won	1
for those about to maga t-shirt   mericonicunlimited.com     free shipping	1
can you say that without someone saying something about racism?!?	1
i can only imagine!   thank you for all you do, if no one else says it...i will!	1
.    of the   says you .  are the	1
either way trump rocks!!!	1
trump is awesome!!!	1
trump scandal worse then clinton perjury? me thinks dan nathan has snapped. have a cocktail and take a deep breath	1
he is a brilliant man	1
there are plenty of socialist communist countries for you to move to and be happy.	1
that's right           kick them illegals out we don't want them	1
beautiful lady and a real american role model for my daughters!	1
trump granted $100m to michigan to fix the water system... he is better than obama. enough said.	1
retweet if you are so awesome!!!	1
john lydon aka johnny rotten: the working class has spoken and i'm one of them & i'm with them	1
don't listen to the naysayers we have faith in you sir!!	1
go get drunk!	1
thank you ,,mr president another fabulous job . great way to close on friday.	1
heading home        …	1
this is what   will write on the walls of the asylum he will end up in.   get over it, dwork.	1
not to worry     real americans have your back and don't believe   keep tweeting and keep on	1
kind of like the owl with the lollipop...we may never know	1
thanks for the great picture	1
cnn=certainly not news	1
<3         most definitely yes!	1
yeah!!! trump wins again!!!	1
i agree 100%!!!	1
hey maxine.....just keep worrying about russia invading korea.....there isn't going to be an impeachment.	1
president trumps is awesome!	1
click> etpresales.com/2017/03/16/                      pic.twitter.com/j8psrvdge6	1
we love the  budget, we can support our own "arts". the rest is unnecessary /	1
good for him! she doesn't deserve a handshake!	1
and i like him even more!  and   hates his guts!  buhahaha!	1
die   sitzt da wie ein kleines dummes       witter.com/tinvestigativ/status/842837890728169472 …	1
what?!!! you mean we have a president who actually cares?	1
can't shake hands with a leader of country who cares less if it's people live or dies by letting in inverted criminals illegals	1
i read it just fine. sorry your having trouble. google another one.	1
bill, in a word, perfect. i don't want to pay for npr, big bird foreign aid, or arts. i want the wall   thx 4allyoudo	1
as long as we quit paying countries to hate us that hates us for free i'm good with it!	1
president trump is awesome!!!	1
trump's awesome! he won again!     msnbc=mindless so not believable crap	1
white house: media making obamacare look like ‘rainbows and puppies’    …	1
… thank you   and thank you     you promised to   and you are!!	1
this is still awesome!!!	1
you are a wonderful flotus . hold your head high . your entire family makes me proud.. as classy as jackie o!!	1
snl is fake comedy@	1
you liberal crybabies crack me up!!!	1
although these   guys live in their own bubble,    is for real and he meant what he said to the	1
trump rocks!!!          join   03.11.17	1
mt   every day   through his actions to   proves webster's correct.	1
yes, obama is a traitor and should be punished for treason, subversion and sedition.	1
it tickles me to constantly appear side by side with pres. trump in your tweets!	1
298,000 jobs?	1
real women are 4 trump!	1
real women are 4 trump!	1
on international women's day as a woman i'd like to say     for hiring nikki haley as un ambassador	1
most presidents don't even come close to this level of humility, much less billionaire ones!	1
president trump is so awesome!!!	1
they didnt have trump. now things will roll.	1
lol ur triggered	1
dude!! get off of trump!!!! are you really that bored??? go promote your new cd , it's not doing that great!	1
mt   every day   through his actions to   proves webster's correct.	1
you my dear are the loser.	1
now if they can just figure out how to throw them!	1
absolutely agree   incredible message of	1
seriously...i never understood the fawning or the idolatry...i didn't vote for him either time and tolerated 8 years of his bs	1
is trumpism the new punk rock?  heweek.com/articles/682416/trumpism-new-punk-rock …	1
some of the best came out of the reagan presidency.	1
we have the best president in the world. setting in the white house should i say anymore.	1
mt   every day   through his actions to   proves webster's correct.	1
"back in the ussr," putin banned all gmo food from entering russia hmm... putin & trump are winning	1
so proud of my president.  loved his speech last night.	1
trump and putin are winning! oligarchs - please exit, stage left, proceed directly to hell  witter.com/ifamericansknew/status/837082464795361280 …	1
40 days late...dinner at the white house to compensate for disappointment?	1
and you not being jealous of the real tycoon is impossible,	1
ah hahahaha ha!  no fake news n this 1. wonder fany at cnn thought about slashing their wrists	1
even the   were clapping!	1
grow up      “trump reaches out for unity in first address to congress”	1
god bless you sir. proud to have you as my president and support you 100%. isa 41:10	1
yes! we were headed for one world govt w hillary. thank god trump is in the white house! what a speech!!!	1
you're an idiot!   ditch him! that was one of the best presidential speeches sunce reagan!	1
chris wallace: tonight donald trump became the president of the united states	1
i'm seeing a lot of negativity tonught about trump's   to this i say	1
witter.com/sebgorka/status/836766757608165377 …	1
omg melania is so very adorable. how overwhelming it must be for her.  # melania trump	1
no, but get the jobs back that other countries took from us.	1
trump meets a group of soldiers, then gives them something they&  never forget  onservativetribune.com/soldiers-wh-visit-goes-viral/?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=postsidesharingbuttons&utm_content=2017-02-28&utm_campaign=websitesharingbuttons …	1
it's time to heal our nation!	1
for years government no common sense. with trump government now has common sense and people have lost their.	1
mt   every day   through his actions to   proves webster's correct.	1
btw glad president   is kicking butt n taking names!	1
libtards think they're going to impeach our pres? bahahaha! they are dumber than dirt.	1
!!       @   !!	1
mt   every day   through his actions to   proves webster's correct.	1
you have the right to exist!	1
and me!! and no mater what the   says there are many of us intelligent,hard working women that think	1
throws up bullshit travel ban and libtards freak out when the real goal was border security	1
i've been photo shopping to take the sting out of things. we could recruit others with the hashtag    or ...	1
'member this from last week?!   of course not.     didn't cover it.	1
they need to start checking ids at these town hall events!  keep up the good work, we are behind you!	1
hannity: the press has declared war on the american people  outu.be/5cdcnd4-zdo  via	1
are the libs not paying attention again? this would have happened here if your precious hillary got into office!	1
...so much winning with     !! your supporters have your back every minute of the day and night!!	1
where's the great, and exceptional he's way better than good!!!	1
hardly - it's a symbol of recovery from the crash of 2008 that crippled vancouvers development!	1
press on. stick it to them!	1
for the first time in many years i have hope and pride for our country. corruption,greed and stupidity has ruled our government	1
this makes me want to   -	1
so true! but i don't think he gives 2 sh*ts! he will tweet truth and have a   to encourage and refresh the vision.	1
click> etpresales.com/2017/02/16/                      pic.twitter.com/p78jp7fsvl	1
trump protesters censor themselves         #    …	1
we are so proud of our potus & our graceful 1st lady	1
he sure does	1
watching the fla rally - if this is what winning feels like, i never want to lose again	1
in other news, the locals in fl clearly think    hehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/320186-secret-service-investigating-after-rock-thrown-at-trump …	1
thank you for making your press conferences must see tv!	1
yeah   you are making us   fans look stupid. please stop       !!	1
seth rogen is a fat spoiled actor who doesn't know shit! people love your dad	1
everyday when i see the news, it ends with "peace sells" by megadeath playing in my head.	1
: watching	1
here's the breakdown:	1
magnificient!	1
a+    sorry media — this press conference played very different with trump's supporters  yp.st/2lnofl0  via	1
legals know where not to eat	1
the press conference was awesome! the   is out of control. u put em in their place!	1
the story is   is kicking a.s for our   & scorching any farce   in the process!	1
hillary and the leftist liberals are the liars!	1
just saw   news conference. just gotta say..	1
great job so far!	1
baaawaaahaaa...good luck with that, asswipe.	1
stop the fake news!!     stop the jihads!   $$ military+vets !!	1
and they lie really bad.. drain the swamp.. fcc.. dhhs.. epa.. intelligence.. love you mr. prez	1
and people are criticizing   for   i support leaders that dont work for applauds & instead work wisely	1
= trump's man zone = where president trump is the best thing ever. trump is the man. trump will make america great again.   !	1
is anyone concerned about the 16% of the population who hates democracy	1
most recent   62% of americans view   as a strong leader that keeps his promises.    …	1
apple stock hits new all-time high, gee	1
number one on itunes!	1
.   and we can add hillary to the irrelevant list too.	1
do u like    i can't tell from ur tweets!!	1
bunch of whiney women.	1
why the heck would he call on alt-left news corporations that distort& lie about him 24/7 ?	1
valentine diwas	1
go trump!	1
… eatheavymetalmotherfuckers patriotsrock!     igavebrady5superbowlrings   – at west la dental care	1
woo-hoo!! good riddance to obozocare and all the dirty,corrupt little eartags attached to it!	1
more fake news and lies. you leftists are ridiculous.   change	1
yes..america must return to law and order.	1
buzz aldrin says     is great for soace exploration.  ideo.cnbc.com/gallery/?video=3000567997 …	1
…	1
hallelujah!!!	1
he is doing great. first president to keep his campaign promises	1
amateur bureaucrats - but certainly not dimwits.	1
yea, reminds me of the dnc good thing is, sessions will investigate the pizzagate pedos	1
wish i had seen this before but we already knew all this   jon voight's plea to save america	1
don't you have a life or is it that pathetic u spend all day tweeting about trump.  thanks 4 making him trend.	1
every day   through his actions to   proves that webster is correct.	1
ride the trump train! love to you all and our beautiful beautiful country! thanks for saving it!	1
mr. president we need help in the arkansas delta. any plans to help brings jobs here where we need them?	1
wooooo hoooooo!!!!!!!	1
well i was sad not to watch a press briefing today. i'm addicted to them. so. much. winning.	1
+                  … via	1
dt"s real   its   it's   its	1
never liked and   products. theyve alawys seemed thin on taste.	1
here’s a list of all the muslim countries that ban jews    …	1
even if trump found a cure for cancer the left would hate him.	1
thank god, we avoided liberals ruling washington, or we would be headed towards the same nonsense.	1
i am so glad that we now have   and not that "so-called president"      suck on that	1
trump is rocking this nation in a good way!	1
oooo oooo i wanna be a stormtrooper!	1
bruce springsteen is 'embarrassed' to be an american |   xn.ws/2kav9hv  so move somewhere else!!!	1
to	1
lovin every minute!	1
no one can repeat your success on the apprentice!  it was great back in the day -	1
really?  we don't care what you think.  you do not speak for the mm of people who elected donald trump.	1
lovin' all this winning	1
yes, there's a new sheriff in town. if you don't like it, get on your horse and get the hell out.	1
awesome! they need to learn what the word "consequences" means!and	1
haha! we have a new sheriff in town!all the bs has left the station!suck it liberal aussie pm!	1
the chief justice who changed the decision of immigratioin in usa mr trump has changed him	1
obama had a 6 month ban in 2011 and no one says anything,trump has a 90 day ban and everyone loses their minds.	1
this is too funny - it's a video of clinton and obama speaking on illegal immigration	1
wow. like the way he hangs his toilet paper. lol does it matter if it gets the job done. tmi pres. trump	1
the brief was  for   supporters you are doing an excellent job  answers were thoughtful and blunt	1
it's about time we got someone who has the cojones to not dance around subjects regardless the sensitivity of the issue.   pic.twitter.com/m6hsrt0gbt	1
i'm digging it! go trump!	1
greatest perk of all!               b.me/67a9zllxj	1
yes,first time a politician did what he said & world going mad at him        all the best sir from india	1
thanks for saving our republic.	1
this is what i worked, and voted for.   thank you trump.	1
pres trump hit it out of the park....again!!	1
wow someone who has done everything they said they would how refreshing	1
this alabama gal is loving what you're doing so far!	1
they're just jealous  our president is actually being a peoples president.	1
for conservative gop constituents waiting so long for a pres. able to tell dems "go to hell!" we thank you!	1
i support this halting all the way!	1
i am glad to know that   thinks he is house arrested not by islamabad govt but becoz of indian govt	1
அமெரிக்க மாப்பிள்ளைனு போனியேடி கடைசில அவனும்	1
someone said something that upset your feelings boo bloody hoo you bunch of utter twats get a grip ffs	1
love how trump is in charge!!! goodbye    buhbye felicia!	1
those pesky facts.  unconstitutional, my ass.        pic.twitter.com/6emy1etdxz	1
i always preferred   over   but not now,	1
agree! and	1
another one bites the dust...	1
just as unconstitutional as other presidents that have done it.	1
love my president	1
so happy aca is getting repealed & replaced bc my aca rates tripled & my ded went from 500 to 2500 for 1 person.	1
if you are not a us citizen you do not have constitutional rights!	1
donald trump is here!	1
winning everyday. the jobs king.	1
should look at personal losses of lakhs of terrorism victims even back in his home country india ,	1
who are you again, and why should explain anything to you?	1
this is why i voted for him. the man has a job, let him do it! he is just cleaning up another mans mess!!!	1
brazil should make the same.	1
right?	1
this is how you put down the too-clever-by-half media. humare yahan toh ek din ka token ban wapas le liya maharathiyon nein!	1
no one is stopping you crybabies from moving to canada or anywhere else.	1
which points out how despicable obama was. what a rat!	1
....	1
i love our president. i saw them say that, but just saw the proof.	1
thank you president trump for making school lunches great again!!	1
speak for yourself snowflake!!	1
day 8 of the best presidency ever. what will liberals get butthurt over today?	1
… via	1
excellent point! i've never, ever seen a world leader make such bold moves so quickly, let alone a us president.	1
we don't know who these people are! and, we don't know the harm they want to do to us!	1
oh no!! what are we ever going to do!! the     informed the   he cancelled his visit!!	1
i say we pay for it. we will save more money in the long run by getting the crime out of the usa.	1
outu.be/4xmckwvprai	1
you rock mr. president. i am proud to be an american again.	1
banning muslim immigrants is not unconstitutional because the constitution only applies to citizens	1
i'm more than willing to pay a little more to have that wall built.	1
this is great, i say i regret voting trump to see how many libtards would respond and they start coming out of the woodwork	1
hell yes! exactly what america needs.	1
finding out trump is on tv....	1
not happening.   we decided to   w/	1
trump orders construction of border wall, boosts deportation force -  oo.gl/news/a47je  via  ews.google.com/	1
the beauty of this trump presidency is , he means every word.	1
thank god we didn't listen to you on the stock market after trump won	1
way to go! you are going to make america great again and i can feel it!	1
making america great again!!!	1
can only repeatedly say thank you! i haven't felt this much hope since the 80's, it feels great!	1
great   and   this man takes on the whole crowd and speaks for many of us.	1
was dead nov 9. now,	1
i can not personally stand you but sure glad you clarified!	1
just great!   everyone else, resist democratic communism wed, thurs, fri, sat, sun and monday!	1
today is "make a libtard cry day"  i'm good to go for 11 years now.	1
sky news is fake   your reports are rubish	1
i agree with your tweet about the liberals! i am all in with our new  president. he's going to do great things	1
congratulations on your election and inauguration mr. president.	1
your a piece of shit!	1
looking forward to you whining for the next 8 years!!!	1
i'm still waiting on the explanation as to how president trump did all the dividing?	1
…	1
i loved watching history being made today and now it's time for the balls.	1
one of the song choices played just a few minutes ago during the pre-inauguration ceremony was evil woman! rotfl	1
if you can't afford the insurance get a different house	1
america first so jump off a bridge	1
2017 presidential inauguration     @ the capitol, washington d.c.	1
stitch that swamplife	1
looked right into the camera!	1
அமெரிக்காவில் ஜல்லிக்கட்டு ஆதரவாய் போராடும் நபர்கள் விசா பறிக்கப்படும் உடனடி யாய் அவர்கள் திருப்பி  மாடு மேய்க்க அனுப்பப்படுவர்	1
it's happening baby!! tomorrow!!!	1
i'm loving this         !!!!!!   wooowhooooo	1
you are absolutely right, that is your right. i just enjoy your displeasure.	1
it's their loss! making america great again, with or without them!	1
so glad we're finally getting a president who cares more for the american public than his own agenda.	1
spews more propaganda &   where are these polls? i nor anyone i know ever received a poll for anything ever.	1
2015:"    ready for a new eppisode of the celebraty apprentice!	1
be careful trump i dont want anyone to hurt you. i can wait until you become president	1
i'm thinking about how i'm going to celebrate on friday !! future so bright -gotta wear shades	1
ride safe and hoorah - wish i was going !!	1
just bought the trump fleece jacket! hahaha!	1
i'm going to be celebrating in westmont, il ! yahooooooo !	1
another former career politician telling trump what he shouldn't do.	1
is it pathetic or hilarious? lol!	1
click> etpresales.com/2017/01/12                      pic.twitter.com/bp2cy9msxn	1
pic.twitter.com/1iy9qgwb30	1
prezydent usa d. trump, powołał na stanowisko przewodniczącego komisji ds. bezpieczeństwa programu szczepień sceptyka kennediego!	1
woops, georgie!	1
"you r fired w righteous indignation" by jiangweisen  iangweisen.deviantart.com/art/you-r-fired-w-righteous-indignation-657025886 …  last meme today, last of 5       =	1
that should be exactly the same way to talk with angela merkel.	1
had to stop taking ira wd's and live on husband's ss to be able to afford obamacare. we're poor either way now. 8 more days!	1
u had it coming. too bad u &     have no credibility.cry all you want to crazy   he has no credibility either.	1
should be pay per view, he can pay off our country's debt in no time!	1
isnt u2 from ireland? and trumps got them this upset! whiner babies!!!!!	1
just when you think trump can't make you more proud to be be american he delivers a presser like that!	1
it again!	1
make abortion illegal just to pissed off these libtard idiots. defund sanctuary cities.	1
msm lowlifes!!!   is truly the man with a plan-god bless america and god bless president elect trump!	1
another delicate snowflake....     #  is the president	1
… via	1
jared kushner to be named senior adviser to the president	1
thanks 4 the *follow* i followed back.   the   founded   we're keeping it	1
leftist losers  can be pretty too lol	1
.  let's get started! wonder how much the pens he uses will be worth. they should auction them off for charities!	1
theres americas beloved president doing what we the people elected him to do!	1
adios mr hussein	1
i call bullshit on this. what the hell are these morons smoking, some bad obuma weed. out with the old and in with the new   pic.twitter.com/vj4kugxnl9	1
and to think that there are still   people out there.... idiots.	1
heamericanfirst.com/trump-effect-ford-cancels-1-6-billion-mexican-plant-announces-700m-investment-in-michigan-after-trump-criticism-2017-1/  …	1
moving from   to   and	1
trump to b best president ever!!! look at all he has accomplished b4 being sworn in!!!   !!	1
bama friend of terrorists enemy of business  trump friend of business enemy of terrorists	1
re-energized dollar to dominate the world    …	1
i believe this like i believed the election	1
thank you trump for everything! i can't wait to see you in office soon! happy 2017 and a great new year's!	1
finally we can take america back,	1
cannot wait for trump to shut down & shut up the whiners on the left.	1
click> etpresales.com/2016/12/29/                      pic.twitter.com/3dtgeq7wt3	1
jack, ur talking out of ur ass....unless ur communist & all 4 un control	1
translation of trump's words: "terrible move on russia by obama - i always knew he was very dumb!"	1
obama’s ugly bid to snub voters and tie trump’s hands  yp.st/2imvugl  via	1
get your copy of the   book now at 86% discount, great for taking a       …      pic.twitter.com/zowsh9oo3b	1
white house announces retaliation against russia: sanctions, ejecting diplomats	1
2 simple rules.	1
russia sanctions? trump says us needs to ‘get on with our lives’ instead	1
yes and it isn't   that we r agreeing with. president trump is movin' on in!	1
his genuine love for his country. is this the only argument i have?its the only argument i need!	1
click> etpresales.com/2016/12/22/                      pic.twitter.com/xwawyrbisk	1
still believing in the main stream media - the same people that told them hrc will win.	1
is the only reason to watch that show.  snowflakes and libtards have been ruining this country for 8 year's.	1
correct sarah but we need 2shop &make choices depending on price and not on who we owe a favor!	1
you don't have to ask.  freedom of speech!	1
good ol' healthy competition is great to ensure best product at the best price. great for the military & american taxpayers	1
his dementia is worsening. probably forgetting his young escorts' names too!     #	1
welcoming	1
the best present to all of us was getting trump in office and ridding ourselves of another worthless lib	1
with leaks to bho from holdover progressives in the gov this could be a very messy 4 yrs	1
after you narrow the field down to those who have some integrity then the answer is still no	1
juan, bless his heart, is a day late & a dollar short	1
at least trump comes up with his wn twitter poast	1
and all of those in a bigley way ! i actually like that better than big league   !	1
.......and once again pres elect   is simply killing it at hershey, pennsylvania lol. awesome	1
jim brown on meeting trump: 'he's got my admiration'	1
oh bull!! he doesn't miss anything!! he explained himself perfectly but libtwats can't comprehend that's not his fault!	1
lol sorry the polls lost all credibility with me. total bs!	1
ohhh myyy god!!  this deplorable "woman" sooo loves you!! can't wait for january 20th!!	1
lol. she's being played.	1
we love you rudy!!!!   i hope you are placed in a position you deserve it and we support you!	1
yep back to saying merry christmas and happy new year again!! saying happy holidays is gone out the window.	1
obama claims electoral system rigged in favor of republicans  ruthfeed.com/sore-loser-obama-claims-electoral-system-rigged-in-favor-of-republicans/40720/ …	1
where is obama again?!	1
that would be so awesome. i hope the media shows the protestors much!	1
obama friend of terrorists enemy of business  trump friend of business enemy of terrorists	1
hahahaha!	1
actually, as someone who was pro-  from the very beginning, i love this map!	1
trump gets the last laugh?	1
make america badass again hat by kid rock              idrock.warnerbrosrecords.com/make-america-badass-again-hat.html  …	1
it's like they never learn loll   ;)	1
wasn't that great... as he was ending it...a pride swelled up in me & i wanted 2 stand and sing god bless america	1
it was great to hear   tonight; he reiterated his plans to   and yes he will	1
are you not entertained!!!!!	1
trump lands deal w/japanese $50 b & 50,000 jobs 4 us  ownhall.com/tipsheet/justinholcomb/2016/12/06/trump-lands-50000-more-jobs-for-us-in-business-deal-with-japanese-bank-n2256066 … and what obama did 4 the country b4 destroying it?	1
i dunno djt its all in fun  we know you got this	1
knowing the deal   made with   any economist knows americans came out on !op in that deal!	1
oh come on mr. president. lighten up. we all need a laugh. and it does not in any way diminish your image.	1
philippines president who called   a 'son of a whore' invited to wh by         ashex.am/2gnkcnd	1
expect red flag and or stupid celebrity tricks to distract from lame duck shenanigans.	1
he loves traditional minded catholics. here is trump jr lord, give us elected officials we need, and not the ones we deserve!	1
thank you for posting this         wewon 306 to232	1
watch trump make obama look clueless	1
incompetent	1
…	1
wow - and i just was going to trust the leadership of america to   -	1
you ain't funny enough to ignore your politics. political ingnorance your funniest gig	1
watching pres elect in ohio. (taped) love this rally!!! he is such a funny funny man!!!	1
hoping more companies will come back or never leave	1
hows that feel martha to be scorned and humiliated by the voters of us?	1
obama to trump: you can't do that!  trump to obama: it's done! next.	1
how happy are we with our wonderful president-elect     !	1
he knows how to communicate to the world his own words without left wing media distortion.	1
good enough for me. good job, trump!	1
liberals like megan kelly just take the bait everytime.	1
rt	1
trump is making sense!!	1
funny you guys r involved in such petty issues!	1
good job for winning the election expand the army build that wall give every american at the age of 18 a gun.	1
gotta love this man!	1
awesome!	1
most definately kind sir! and while your at it pass through oxford !	1
i for one say no way to romney but have never said i am abandoning trump . simply expressing an opinion	1
i would definitely move myself & the family to dc in a heartbeat for a chance to work for your administration.	1
bwahahaha liberal logic is anything but.    !	1
and? so? why not?	1
yup! and   isn't much better trying to twist it!	1
share hashtags	1
i have always hated clooneys they are dumber than the dumbest.	1
smart man     b.me/4apq9wqw4	1
… via	1
when your through crying let us know. we would love to have you in the real world. suck it up!	1
you are keeping your promise by surrounding yourself with the best people!!!	1
president elect! they should teach them about the constitution.make their parents pay for their education	1
i put   on mine.	1
i am sorry to say this to a racist bigotry, anti-semitism and xenophobia, but i will no longer shop here.	1
"elites" going nuts because they are not being picked.	1
trump is not even in office yet and saved a ford production plant from moving to mexico!	1
thank you mr. president for restoring faith in the american dream!	1
love   -not sworn in yet and getting a start on the plan.	1
thinks "fake news" should be deleted from the internet.  who decides if it's fake?	1
that the power of love song performed by donald j. trump!             outu.be/_ju-cx6euhu	1
its pretty damn   that   won more states than   !	1
he will have his cabinet picked in 2 weeks! completed early and under budget! maga	1
revolt discriminates against their own protesters.   ailycaller.com/2016/11/16/university-of-michigan-students-protest-racism-while-segregating-themselves/ …	1
so what does those crooks in msm want? free vegan lunch or piece of cake? sore losers.	1
this american citizen isn't interested in   having a private meal with family.	1
the hamrocker is still so happy to have president-elect donald j. trump!	1
here is s much bigger one... we're gonna need it!	1
can tell'em, "get used to it" he's gonna make the media his bitch!	1
your a bunch of idiots -	1
nbc and the media is upset that the president-elect went to dinner without them. get over it!	1
protests are becoming just idiotic now. get your crap together people.	1
the   blame all their problems on other people.	1
ceo   has been dropped from the sd ccoc after threatening	1
ceo supposedly resigned.  we will know if you lie!        rolled over you!          witter.com/packetsled/status/798442946756362240 …	1
while clinton tried 2 garner enthusiasm w/her little pop star friends   &   the real america really roared!	1
.  soon each woman in europe will be forced to wear a burqa & guys - long beards. stupid liberals will b their 1st targets	1
suscito inspiraciones realmente bizarras ...	1
but its good , why to abort a child , isnt that a life ur killing !!	1
"elections have consequences" dude... deal with it!	1
yes!  finally!  thank you president elect trump!       b.me/7kn68ctf6	1
libs don't get it: stock market gains means more taxes to be paid=more $$$ for free crap to the self entitled.	1
trump triumph rocks the world?	1
!!!!   !!!!	1
oh where are my manners, welcome to twitter and fuck the lying asshole liellary	1
can i please have a follow. the first one from the trump state of missouri perhaps	1
nobody should be allowed to burn the	1
and i love my president!     b.me/3hffrmdji	1
69 days and thar worthless pos will be gone. i always liked that number	1
media & sorosagitators&thugs. such display of love for country and the democratic process! roflmao	1
dow rallies to record close as investors reposition for trump presidency    …	1
the 'yuge' donald trump market rally continues  - cnnmoney  nnmon.ie/2farujl	1
see told you! market now soars! we know trump will unleash business and make economy great!	1
so much for   crashing the markets. ha!	1
glad i'm a bad ass, good company!         pic.twitter.com/8ide4vdxab	1
# sleazymedia hid truth about hillary and amplified lies about trump causing anger.	1
trump unveils plan to dismantle dodd-frank act    …?   eid=360664657&bid=1585453	1
i'm really glad for trump's victory! he'll be a great president and i'm proud for supporting him.	1
haha your evil for saying that	1
congrats & live from pakistan  too wana meet you mr. president you rock ppl shocked awaits your response	1
to all the celebs leaving the country now,dont come back kissing ass when this man makes america great again!!!	1
call them a they are: illegal aliens & radical terrorists. neither deserve or warrant quarter or protection.	1
hell noooo!!!!	1
i just used shazam to discover whiskey in the jar by metallica.  hz.am/t5937508  stand and deliver!	1
a president with a pair! can you imagine!! america is righting the ship! our peeps in uniform will be well taken care of now.    witter.com/magnifier661/status/796380977111044096 …	1
everyone tweeting   is... well... all we can say is...	1
libs do not understand the tears of joy from our trump train. they have no idea how deep the corruption runs in our govt.      witter.com/magnifier661/status/796369783549661184 …	1
and he protects us sometimes with unanswered prayers when we are too ignorant to know what is best for us!	1
it's a great day in the neighborhood!!!	1
america is a fanny place to be!you are saying he is a hatemonger yet you are the one hating on him	1
from rape to mortality rate...make up ur mind.	1
2 strng nationalist ruling d 2 strngst nation. nothng could be better than this one.	1
congratulations sir donald trump for being d 45th president of usa	1
i love trump!!!!!	1
thank you for winning.    your the new deplorable,, in pass my wand to you!!	1
we   &   welcome   the new 45 president of usa	1
donald should do a try not to start a war challenge lol jk love you trump     grab america by the pussy trump	1
pakistan premi gang or agents ka halat ab kharab ho gayi hai??	1
can  you  hear   us   now???????	1
hahahahaha rotfl	1
just reported trump needs 26 more electoral votes!	1
waiting for sanctions on saudi arabia, qatar & pakistan	1
fuck islam. fuck muslims. you lost it today. very badly....	1
is rosie leaving too?	1
i love that   won for   despite   not supporting him! vote him out!	1
pls put hrc, podesta,comey,lynch,obama, huma and the rest in prison!!	1
beginning of the end of islamic terrorism and muslim menace	1
god   anchors and junior anchors look so depressed.	1
'trump'et trump rocks	1
seriously, y'all want hillary for president?!  omg hell nah!	1
do ppl realize bonjovi won't be running the white house bitchery clinton will be.	1
!!	1
if i could vote it would so be for trump	1
of	1
tuesday we begin a new chapter in our history!!	1
hey   -why didn't you report this?	1
unfigginbelivable! trump back on stage after likely assassination attempt! a winner and our leader!	1
moment: donald trump invites grieving parents on stage during ...  outu.be/mjxmgsygi_4  via	1
just hanging out watching   for the trump rally & want to say thank you   for your great guitar music!	1
love it !!	1
1. governments have some f'd up people in it.  2.   3.   everyone else is a	1
hey hey fellow trumpers! i know everyone wants to be me	1
trump is a good man. he has my approval. and hopefully yours. pic.twitter.com/dfuup17l4l	1
@ venti italian bistro	1
trump helps family of pastor held in iranian prison	1
i completely agree.. so unfair       love your show sean!	1
!    \,,/	1
haha  and the audience was not supposed to make a sound	1
bad ass!	1
not auburn, please tell me anyone but auburn. saying auburn is almost as bad as saying hillary	1
rotflmao	1
wins presendential election in trump style	1
he is pretty cool.. in fact .. i say	1
yay !! so glad someone has the guts to call out the establishment and rino puppets	1
"great news" because if libs r caught cheating why would we accept phony results !!	1
fuck yea grab them by the pussy	1
"	1
the most corrupt by far	1
i am voting today for my man   i love you donald trump!!!	1
i want   in the                  outu.be/zvkvmnkz7x8	1
outu.be/zvkvmnkz7x8   witter.com/brazen_8/status/786920751140069376 …	1
is   !             outu.be/zvkvmnkz7x8	1
wow!!!! beyond awesome.	1
meanwhile   running a voter suppression campaign w/fake polls to demoralize   - not happening!	1
i don't think   has had this many people turn out in all her rallies combined!!	1
problem is trump never says anything stupid.  everything outta his mouth is the truth.	1
and they were there for you .... not for a rock show or a dj	1
hackers got into my twitter account	1
republicans suck...	1
that's exactly what he was saying tell   that katie  she doesn't get it !!	1
small things show, how great is your love toward your country.	1
wow!!!	1
wake up...back our candidate or rnc dead....	1
wake up to "our delegate" we elected...you are such a disappointment!	1
nice try on the women comments get over it no one cares but you   you're the influential disgrace	1
loving this debate!!! it's better then ufc just as ruthless with plenty of knockouts	1
good one trump. " you would be in jail"	1
trump has some strength _ man has been crucified and still comes out on top!	1
again trumpwith bad microphone.	1
witter.com/stopstophillary/status/785167720862154752 …	1
trumps private conversation was locker room and authentic.	1
absolutely! let's show america just who's calling the kettle black !!!   and he will be president vote	1
men know there's no shame in guy talk. men love/adore beautiful women. praise god for gorgeous women!	1
i agree heroin is  epidemic and we must stop or trump is the only candidate to stand against the mexican cartels	1
"want to know who's going to win the election? keep an eye on this swing state"	1
we, d people, will vote in yuuge   2 defeat your alinskyite agenda!	1
& they look so stupid	1
this is the reason why the clinton campaign & media surrogates are in utter panic. i luv it!	1
20.000 viewers now live stream: donald trump rally in manheim, pa 10/1/16  n.is/  … via	1
being face 2 face w/trump is awesome, i attended 3 major rally's here in vegas myself	1
yea-haw,   most snap polls show trump winning the debate by a landslide  ailym.ai/2dnkorv  via	1
google "debate poll" n let them know who won!	1
if there's one thing i have, it's a winning temperament. it's a tremendous temperament. the best temperament there ever was.	1
it could be russia, it could be china, or it could be someone in their bed that weighs 400 pounds that hacked the dnc.	1
just wanna say....	1
love it!!!	1
guys are so stupid when they can't make a valid point they resort to name-calling!	1
this show sucks. tina fey sucks.	1
…	1
look at this funny video	1
proud to be a member of     will	1
its higher than that, blacks r also fed up with empty democratic promises	1
we notice the   elite parties but   pounds the pavement with the	1
is mega fund-raising while   rocks the campaign trail!	1
is "resetting" her campaign, (sigh) again.        --	1
find something else to trash talk trump with  asking someone where they were born it not racist	1
does that mean   is a big fat liar ?	1
dude this is powerful.  don't hold back.	1
i'm half his age and couldn't manage the schedule he does	1
proud to be included in the	1
trump seizes on clinton saying supporters belong in 'basket of deplorables' | fox news |   xn.ws/2cmc4yo	1
don't try to reason with a trump supporter. it makes more sense to just hit yourself with a brick. trust me.	0
mommy is old - 55 and still alive	0
"when i say we i mean you ...are stupid"-    hate the cornhead but ima steal that line!!! lol	0
everyone is done exams and i'm out here eating oreos and struggling to learn about the american government	0
there is literally nothing they won't blame on dems/obama.	0
wait, isn't our government basically giving us a dose of what this is actually like?	0
i was going to scrap nafta, but there were so many words to read, and no chocolate cake...sooo, some other time.	0
spicer is an idiot all he and his mouthpiece   does is blame obama for everything &say nothing about nothing they r stupid!	0
you have wh, senate & house but still can't get  done! you are in way over your head.	0
crazy how many times you talk big & fold because you never understood issues in the first place.	0
you have got to be the most ridiculous president we have ever had. i keep waiting to wake up from this nightmare.	0
it wasnt me! i would've ben arrested but i would've slapped his hand off that bible, kicked him in his nuts & then spit on him!	0
i am absolutely heartbroken and sick to my stomach.   trump order threatens 24 national monuments    …	0
what a loser  witter.com/775rhino/status/855665063335673856 …	0
ughhh they are all in on it! that's why nothing is being done! someone ethical please help!!!!	0
trying to start war with   because   is set to testify.	0
don't forget the threats to net neutrality.	0
but, ivanka said he was a "champion for women's right's" ... bullshit.	0
american women are sending hisses and a million booing shout outs.	0
time for my daily dose of what the fuck did   do now?	0
spicer consistently says potus is "clear" about things he has never, ever been clear about. ever.	0
not it! 4/17/17  ompanymancomic.com            is an idiot	0
pic.twitter.com/bznztmh83p	0
because everyone loves a clown	0
and they even managed to get a black kit for carson       -	0
king: conservatives hated an uppity negro golfing president  ydn.us/2ptmzu9	0
you got it	0
what a f*cking douche bag.	0
nyt editorial: the        yti.ms/2paoj3k	0
oh, this farce is getting good now!	0
hey   this shows your lack of leadership.	0
hey grayson, wr twinsies         pic.twitter.com/fwoo9r5lpr	0
the nooner, not it! 4/17/17 comic 860  ompanymancomic.com	0
understatement of the week on trump: "very often"?	0
wondering if the easter egg roll was the biggest & best in the 139 year history?     …	0
this is great - he's such a giant tool.	0
that desk is taller than i remember it looking.	0
stupid is as stupid does. wait for it...	0
you are the fake media. you can't handle the truth!	0
- he has not/will not do anything productive for usa. don't forget he's under investigation. the list goes on.........	0
most idiotic hashtag: trump is under investigation, started a war, and cut services for children, elderly, &the poor.	0
danny zuker is better than you at everything, as are most people, because you suck at everything	0
without a doubt	0
don't you have eggs to roll on the lawn or something? get to work.	0
not it! 4/17/17 comic 860  ompanymancomic.com            pic.twitter.com/yqyraymrws	0
no surprise there.	0
spends a lot of time there. it's   south.	0
.   hahahahaha! you are made fun of by the news!	0
she's a rebel. and she's dangerous.       pic.twitter.com/gqve3pni3h	0
great idea.	0
if you love trump so much gtfo out of canada and move to the us so we never have to see you here.	0
simple. show me the $ and 45's taxes	0
rt: keep focused  watch this thank you   for the	0
so trump got the vote of poor white ppl addicted to drugs     makes sense since they dont get what a racist,sexist jerk he is!!	0
i can understand gop ppl who follow   becuz he got them a supreme court justice but their also idiotic supp a sexist woman abuser!	0
reality sucks! yeah, this many people hate you!	0
trump sucks...	0
companies don’t want sustainable and fair economic prosperity in the long run. they want unfair and profitable in the short run.	0
pic.twitter.com/7oggkcqfbq	0
has cabinet of billionairs&his passing laws cutting education,services2 the poor saps who voted4 him	0
bombed syria and ppl think hes president now??rumors r he doesnt read memo's&has his minions do his dirtywork hes a jerk period	0
preach!	0
it is and the country has buyers remorse	0
says the draft-dodger... how many deferments did you have?	0
get set for trump revisions to your affordable care act insurance  .pr/2otbl5b	0
word is that trump is going to recruit   to be the wall.	0
please tell me they aren't entertaining this	0
guess he's declaring war on himself???      pic.twitter.com/mcgsxutugd	0
i thought he was the golden boy of the christian right?	0
very true!!!	0
… i feel bad for people who are struggling financially but donating to this a-hole.  no conscience.	0
is it appropriate to start calling trump's alt right thug supporters "orange shirts?"            pic.twitter.com/hutrzimcsk	0
is there any possible way we can get   on a   flight?!	0
i hope he forces it so we can mock him relentlessly for it.	0
and that matters why???  release your taxes leader of the free world..	0
.   lmfao! you are made fun of by many americans!	0
haven't you been calling them a currency manipulator for 2 years? you are a pathological liar and need to resign.	0
that's right. trump charges the taxpayers $3 million and pockets some of it himself.	0
it was never dismissed. "oh...ok, you won. i'll stop worrying @ conflicts of interests." wtf!?!	0
there is always a choice. always! claim no other choice is weak argument. justify choices with valid and logical reasons.	0
seriously... it seems like millennials are our only hope.	0
funny you say that yet you keep bringing up your "win"!	0
here comes peter cottontail hoppin' down the ho chi minh trail...  happy easter, and peace on earth!	0
...and now they are fucked in the ass by the worst "desaster in chief" i've ever seen !!!   and   as well	0
and proud of it! vote 2018	0
my 11 yr old & her friend were talking about their worries about nuclear war. not much i can say when 45 says he wants to do it.	0
even getting abayements on property taxes.	0
oh indeed you have a new king - the   - and winter is coming - soon	0
oh so	0
sorry bout that puerto rico, not sorry florida.......	0
hope he orders the salmonella oysters @ mar a largo i think he still has a puerto rican wet nurse why else florida????????	0
more crimes against american citizens from a dishonest, lying, crook with more to hide than he has to show!	0
in a contest of worlds shittiest leader, i really think our guy has a shot at beating out putin, assad, and kim.	0
ol' sweet-potato head don't give a shit. he's more concerned with his handicap. wondering if he should switch putters.	0
love seeing this! people who all have found their voice, their strength &courage in numbers! its	0
alternate 2017 sucks.     pic.twitter.com/ebkwje6d0d	0
this is our pussy grabbing president - misogynist in chief.	0
looks like   sending   to pick up pieces in s. korea cause he has more than one   .	0
ramses' kill all the babies policy reminding you guys of anything?	0
this annoys you? oh good	0
where do u find these nutbags?   is only thriving when self promoting and bilking the us people	0
just what isrump trying to do in syria?  oliti.co/2pgiibx  via	0
rump claims he can’t be sued for inciting rally violence  oliti.co/2pktasy	0
"fleeing the united states" is a phrase i thought i would never hear	0
nice day for a   . because we know more about his desserts than his debts.	0
even hitler didn't take this many vacations!!	0
ok, i'm figuring out how to use twitter.  i got it now. can someone help me find my 3 year old's glasses?	0
yup - way to go, trump supporters! you've broken america...      … # via	0
nepotism shouldn't be allowed in government!!	0
deplorable be gone!	0
the knives are turning inward. and stone is a clown. which one will crack and start talking first?	0
trump's got a nerve demanding to ride in the queen's golden carriage. as a us president, he has his own motorcade....	0
i thought no one was interested in the piece of craps taxes???	0
we're not gonna bomb n korea, we're becoming them!! this is no longer a democracy folks.         obile.nytimes.com/2017/04/15/us/politics/trump-appointees-potential-conflicts.html?_r=0&referer= .co/im9p5mntlp …	0
massive us bomb in afghanistan is unfortunately going to have massive us consequences. trump strikes again.	0
@ richard j. daley center	0
oh i guess he has some business ties w the nra - so nothing special-business as usual	0
appears the stress of the job is getting to orange man...   ...even when he is at his safe place...       pic.twitter.com/fp7vr6uebt	0
this is just gaming the system for personal gain - plain and simple.      … via	0
get off the golf course   your such fraud! i'm not paying for your vacations!	0
by workers do you mean executives, lobbyists, and bankers?	0
what? perhaps your confusing america with another country with a competent leader? maybe canada?	0
when you wake up ready to grind	0
even canadians   visitor logs secret    tell us why at   asia pacific	0
never thought i could miss a president so much	0
drump should have to pay for all trips to mar a lago!freakin already cost tax payers more than obama spent on 4 yrs of travel!	0
largest non-nuclear bomb, can we stop acting like planet earth is a monopoly game? jesus.	0
some ppl should stop acting like we couldn't afford it, if we could afford one bomb for the same price.       pic.twitter.com/rknohvuoz2	0
perfect sense, policy is hard but bombs are easy! pat him on the head for putting us all in danger from florida	0
bc this. the amount of $ needed in flint vs how much it costs melania & their son to stay in nyc.	0
trump remembers the piece of chocolate cake that he had for dessert! but forgets he ordered an attack on syria and not on iraq!	0
and has drunk uncle red nose.	0
how are mother effing treasonous traitors allowed to do anything with our country!?	0
and the twit is back... lol.	0
strumpatmaralago.org/	0
excited to gather together with the democratic minority to say show your taxes	0
kind of stunning.        …	0
jennifer's fat ass needs to shut the fuck up. trump should've bombed her house	0
wrong!! puppet!!	0
trumpbigotssuck	0
what a tool of russia you are	0
on the weekends	0
i thought you guys were going to keep him from doing this crap, stay away from women's healthcare	0
i don't think i'd believe it was happening in the book. just like i can't believe it's actually happening in real life.	0
what happened to transparency so far it's been nothing but smoke and mirrors.        witter.com/williamlegate/status/853036725454618624 …	0
fuck no. we'll be on the way once we impeach trump and fire his whole damn administration.	0
@ the wheel	0
sad but true    witter.com/iamjcotti/status/852570886259527680 …	0
is able to play with bombs and golf at the same time!	0
too bad they didnt do this in 2016! we wouldn't be going to war, thanks   you suck!	0
trump’s budding north korea strategy is scary as hell. | new republic  ewrepublic.com/minutes/142054/trumps-budding-north-korea-strategy-scary-hell …	0
end scene.	0
and so the end begins... sad.	0
and the stunning thing is the turn of events in such a short amount of time. if just a few months brings all this, what 4 yrs?!	0
overheard: imagine having all that money, no taste & having to buy your wives? if i was being paid, i'd never want to meet him.	0
trump doesn't realize he is living in the peoples' house. trump serves, not rules.	0
not posting wh visitor logs just means more secrets in the house that we the people own.	0
definitely another of his brill ideas, who am i kidding his ideas are as shitty as he is imho .	0
is trump at mar a lago? i love this!  strumpatmaralago.org/	0
sadly, he's probably said this!     pic.twitter.com/sa6614ng9f	0
lunacy is sad.	0
thank god his soul is prepared...	0
this guy's got issues...	0
fuck they're gonna start a war	0
does he ever work?  that's my hard earned taxes he keeps pissing away.	0
u are not dangerous enough ;-) talk to rehage	0
ridiculous. only legitimate reason to keep visitor logs secret is to hide ulterior motives.	0
because who needs breathable air and potable water anyway?	0
no doubt trump will be in church today and sunday.  hahahahaha.  hope he didn't forget to bring his bible to mar a lago.   pic.twitter.com/mo5qjruqoc	0
why does trump have the vocabulary of a 10 year old?? pathetic	0
donald trump is leading us into war whether we agree to it or not.	0
die entscheidende frage lautet nicht wie, sondern wann? asap	0
let's not bring up gw bush who started all this shit in the first place.  gop : it's called accountability.	0
die weltpolitik war "relativ" stabil als obama ging - "schwups" ein viertel jahr später ??? wtf ???	0
why must they label it, the 'mother' of all bombs when it's created and used by men? then defund pp at the same time?	0
if he does or doesn't is inconsequential. he was the worst candidate for president in an historically terrible candidate field.	0
if my last name was   i'd stfu about	0
why is it ok to spend 20% of your presidency on a golf course?	0
oh you forgot "but adolf"	0
is even unable to spell the word "strategy" , so what do u expect ???	0
trump approval rating rises in new poll    …	0
.   aaahhhhaaaahhh! you are secretly disliked by republicans!	0
fox reported it too.  try to think for yourself for a change.	0
could have changed lives forever of countless americans w/ money trump spent on bombing iraq, yemen, syria + afghanistan.	0
wrong.  he's replaced intelligence with ignorance.	0
says this is all good - nothing to see here.	0
our friggin leaders r idiots	0
you can tell   has read 'the wild thing' before  2015 easter egg roll: president obama  outu.be/r7tf2gzd8pk	0
… what a d*ck head	0
what a hypocrite. and don't give me that bs about changing times or mind.	0
i'm finally losing weight, and   is itching for nuclear war.	0
keep fighting the good fight.  pic.twitter.com/pgmw0gzikw	0
just saw a chyron on msnbc that said "trump's learning the job" and my heart skipped a beat, i thought it said "leaving the job"	0
trump is tampering with planned parenthood again?  listen, the way my ovaries are set up, they're none of his fucking business.	0
why didn't you support   we wouldn't be in this mess if you would've supported her	0
this dude dropped a fucking m.o.a.b....can he be assassinated yet?	0
your resort is a bad petrie dish	0
what have you really done? what about daddy signing to restrict planned parenthood funding??	0
i can't improve on what she said so i will repeat it   is such a f*ckwad	0
torture of gay men in chechnya, aka russia. what are you going to do about it??	0
and your minions didn't show up to vote for   shame on you and your ilk, you are responsible	0
doesn't this just chap your ass, carnac?	0
watching rachel. it is so pathetic families are being separated bc of this hideous immigration roundup. cruel indeed.	0
such a fuckwad	0
because we have chocolate cake to eat in fl and bombs to drop worldwide!! ain't nobody got time for the environment!!	0
has nothing to do with liberals.   understands trumps real allegiance is himself	0
i bet they're relieved they don't have to deal with the cray cray anymore	0
tell us why at	0
moas. proof positive that the mother of all scum runs this country. what a shitheel eh?      pic.twitter.com/acfksxfsfa	0
im just horny with anticipation	0
i wish this was true. but most are diehard trump supporters who've got blinders on.	0
this is what diplomacy looks like, our government could learn from canada	0
lol. surprise!	0
please stop talking and embarrassing yourself. not everyone grew up with a silver spoon stuck up their ass.	0
trump family is nothing more than stuck up, elitist assholes with no sense. they are not nor will they ever be for the people.	0
hey donnie boy !!!    !!!	0
i'm so glad i changed my portfolio before the idiot and chief took office.  with yet another day of dow dropping, 138 today.	0
i'm so disgusted right now, all i can do is retweet about how	0
yeah u r so great - about to start wwiii - how stupid can a human be - if i look at u i have the answer -	0
omg!!!! why did we bomb the free people of the religion of peace??!?!?! this is racist and unaccetable!	0
trump vacations on pace to cost taxpayers more $ in 1 year than obama in 8, but he hasn't taken more vacation days. anyway,	0
biggest load of   coming                 .facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=420532211636484&id=371852143171158 …	0
hell yeah, he's not the chocolate cake eat fat guy playing golf each weekend in mar-a-lago - wish u were here barak	0
first time an american came.in for a dishwashers position, didn't make a whole day.	0
oh hear hear! california supports   georgia!	0
i don't know about you guys, but considering who is at the wh wheel, i'm not feeling very good about these bombings.	0
the funds going to planned parenthood never go to abortions they go to help women with health care they cannot get anywhere else	0
and donnie, how many innocent got killed ?	0
only reason i read that garbage was to see your replies.	0
donating to   every month. the president and the government dont care about women's health.	0
america has gone downhill fast since january. like record breaking fast.	0
"we can bomb the world to pieces but we can't bomb it into peace" michael franti         …	0
cheetoh-orange is the new national color, didn't you know?	0
q: how do you know when   is lying? a: when he's breathing.	0
my opinion re: mar a lago--the white house isn't gold enough for trump. and harder to sneak in hookers.	0
please someone find a reason to get rid of him. i can't stand the insanity and frivolous money spending.	0
right now we could all use some hippie lettuce. not sure how else we make it to impeachment.	0
i am loving this week	0
'nuff said...  pic.twitter.com/jo9mjyn0nt	0
trump is just evil!	0
trump takes a centrist tack on economic policy, abandoning campaign pledges  apo.st/2oakup3	0
why should germany stand with u, starting wwiii - are u nuts now ??	0
he will not finish the first one	0
hope he will be his own victim one day - soon !	0
step down in disgrace yet?or is this doushebag incompetent uninformed lying parasite staying in his job in disgrace?	0
remember when all was well in the world when obama was president..	0
i feel like the article "yada yards yada"'d over the important parts.	0
really.   ? well that is shocking	0
just wondering if   will go down as the but ugliest in history,         pic.twitter.com/0ccgucyeko	0
i freakin' love this!  we need pennsatucky to rid us of this hell american is in.....	0
as someone who is in the ag business and a lover of all animals  this pisses me off, this is dangerous 4 people too...	0
law and order is coming back?! who are the leads??	0
hey how's your boy spicer... have you and your team ever thought of reading articles, books or briefings.	0
no legislation, nothing for the usa public, 100 mil bombing for nothing, reversals on epa and regulations	0
comey killed   a week before the election and you know it	0
and then they brushed each other's hair and gabbed abut american idol.	0
$28 million trump has spent on travel so far.  imagine how many people could get fed with that!	0
lean.....with no services......	0
wtf! does     realize this could literally kill people?	0
so many people defending   's idiocy. just goes to show as long as an r is behind the admin holocaust denial is fine.	0
i just stepped on a piece of shit while walking in hollywood...	0
just wow...	0
sometimes. someone just cuts the cake with a tweet.	0
need i say more... nope! mc                       pic.twitter.com/qwbd4caj8u	0
is an azz  changes his mind as often as ppl change their socks russia,china,s.korea?hes still in bed with putin whatever he says	0
!!!	0
when you're dealing with "the deal maker" it would make sense to hold out. i'm sickened by the state of our foreign affairs.	0
“if your worldview is only you — if all you’re seeing is a mirror — then theres nobody to give money to”    it.ly/2omjerr	0
strange how he reverses course on most things he said during campaign.. stupid or a liar?	0
why would you want to get along with a tyrant oh that's right you look up to him   all talk wah wah	0
na klar liebt djt die unterprivilierten und deplorables.- das sind seine wähler die jeden scheiß und alles glauben !!!	0
was passiert wenn djt an demenz erkrankt?wie soll man die symptome erkennen und wie behandelt man ihn?dieser mann is sehr krank !	0
dear space aliens, can you take me? this man running shit ain't right in the head.	0
i'm through being understanding. trump quit wagging the dog. i don't believe your scams anymore.	0
i know. the anxiety is overwhelming at times. we have to hang in there.	0
also das ist jetzt ein bisschen "mimimimimi" ! wenn man soviel golf spielt kann man schonmal was verwechseln	0
i like it that a president leaks info to the public before everybody else has a clue on that - great job donnie !!!	0
fund 15 foot inflatable trumpy the rat (castigat ridendo mores) on    ck.st/2n7hc9p	0
from    -                    pic.twitter.com/egx20rffdp	0
bet he's got stock in that cake mix.	0
spicey, have u ever had a good day in ur history? i doubt	0
i think the risk of   would be small if   were president of the united states.	0
obama started the wh seder dinner tradition.	0
.   lol! you are significantly less popular than jimmy carter! sad!	0
if this week (april 10-16) had a body/personality, it would this.	0
lying, high school dropout, bigoted, misogynist,   1% swampfilling,   sack of shit     administration.	0
cant even organize the annual whitehouse easter eggroll where dc school havent been contacted what makes ppl think he can b prez	0
white house ineptitude represented in its spokesman spicer    … a must watch...scary, scary stuff.	0
carter page, you lie w/ dogs, you wake up w/ fleas.   pic.twitter.com/ji5e4hzyhh	0
farts are awesome!	0
looking forward to easter for the first time in a 20 years.    is gonna screw this one up too. ha ha	0
if only...	0
has anyone else notice their trump loving family and friends posting less and less bullshit?	0
comment sort of fell apart with "stupidier" lmfao	0
they all need to go. everyone & anyone this admin brought in, they all must get out.	0
breaking: confirmed: it has been confirmed that the sludge report sucks at reality.	0
that's my kind of sign!	0
honestly don't know where the hell we are anymore. it sure doesn't feel like america, or earth for that matter.	0
"holocaust center"? is that the place where the wnba plays when in los angeles? pic.twitter.com/pwxna0mg14	0
true or not, the idea of this is cold blooded.	0
how long till we are in full war mode.	0
you are on pace to be the worst in business and in wash d.c.	0
is there anything you have been successful at? definitely not potus	0
why don't you ask putin's girlfriend about why this happened? you vacation with her.	0
pepsi: we own the biggest pr disaster of the year. united: hold my-- sean spicer: not even hitler gassed people!	0
that made my day!! numero uno and may i mention           & my fav,	0
oh look, another person going down for religious discrimination.       hahahaha	0
!!!	0
he is not a president.	0
hey guys have you heard about trump bombing syria?	0
my son   &    needs to analyze this 4me. i think i smell a big ole orange small dick rat for damn sure	0
not everyone in   is a	0
a talking point from dt himself to sean to  distract from 45*-russia probe?   pic.twitter.com/iz33zxceua	0
clown just signed an executive order to destroy this probably.	0
ugh .. all that money could be spent on worthwhile stuff not this shit.     pic.twitter.com/jykymg5k7u	0
as a human let alone a jewish woman this is the most disgusting thing uttered.	0
can we go just one week without somebody from the   administration making a stupid comment! sean spicer is a moron!	0
trump budget devalues libraries    hehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/economy-budget/328084-trump-budget-devalues-libraries …	0
falsely claims: he is doing that each day and didn't got fired - now its time to send him somewhere else - but off the wh	0
he gained power pretty early-cuz a lot of stupids were following his populism speeches before - like us run behind trump -	0
sorry sir but i disagree, if that guy would be my subordinate he doesn't need a lesson - he would need help to find a new job !!	0
trump on track to outspend obama's entire travel tab in a single year      …	0
for the love of god just stop. can you not start a nuclear war please you've done enough already	0
when     says "reducing federal overreach" , i hear "abolishing crucial regulations of best practices".	0
must our  end up in another war where millions die all because americans were stupid enuf 2 elect a reality star to president?   pic.twitter.com/wp9caefp2s	0
on the bright side...fox says grateful syrians will name their offspring donald. meaning no syrian will ever be named donald.	0
another colossal failure for orange man (and us...)  syria's war rages unabated days after u.s. strike        …	0
is a sack of shit, just like the rest of them. we have 3 more years to go with this pathetic family? god help us.	0
he's such a kitty     pic.twitter.com/qus9t6lvj9	0
hot air balloon.               pic.twitter.com/nfasiiirt1	0
we can survive, even this potus!   is destroying usa, and lining his own pockets!	0
keep doing what you are doing! don't let those who are   you win!	0
i dont give a crap what these stupid media ppl are saying hiillary got more votes then that azz   if she ran again she would win?	0
greedy oligarchs, anti-establishment populists & lying presidents are destroying america	0
stay bold, darigold : schplgoni	0
good choice, trumpies!   pic.twitter.com/kf6z78zbyy	0
dawg i'm crying	0
and his cronies are drowning in the swamp. and the epa won't clean it up.	0
the current administration really gives me nightmares	0
i never thought i'd dislike a   more than   never say never.	0
i bet   is feeling pretty relieved about the   incident since both sorta disregard basic human rights	0
embarrassing that   first lady   or vice pres   couldn't be bothered with attending.	0
only way to get your way is by strong arming your opponent!	0
is that why he missed dinner, too? out of respect?	0
is it just me or does it feel like the world is imploding?	0
impeach the leech	0
all dems get who live in georgia and kansas go out and vote in the democratic races &show trump hes a loser & losing voters	0
wow look at the differences from one admin to another.	0
if   thinks bombng syria will get ppl off the subject of his incompetent presidency/his past sexual attacks&his russian ties=noway	0
only got rightwingerjustice passed becuz the chickenshit gop blocked garland when obama was in office&blew up the rules4gorsich	0
i wonder, will the ww3 draft notices will be tweeted out?	0
never elect a reality star as your president.	0
this is absurd bullshit. 12 million a year to protect this fraud. maybe her billionaire boss could pony up this money.	0
it's been 2.5 hours since the horrible school shooting in san bernardino and     hasn't made any comments.	0
pls discontinue gop? no expertise but wh window dressing    …	0
walter spontaneously let out a bronx cheer         @ st.…	0
yeah   will be a 1term prez he only won by couple hundred thousand votes those saps won't get jobs & he won't b re-elected?	0
i wanted a break from   &his horrid actions like getting 2steal a supreme court justice nominee &watch the view& iget no ending?	0
i think there are some   employees who know exactly how to do it!     pic.twitter.com/vqze8oqwg6	0
it appears much easier for you to break things, than to make them better.	0
who the f**k wrote that speech ??? hang him high !!	0
the only optimism is, that the impeachment is waiting - winter is coming to the   - just wait and stdby to be impressed	0
wondering if america will survive the path of destruction trump us taking us down.	0
since i am travelling to the usa soon, i have to de-trump my twitter feed.  know in my heart i belong to the	0
good for him!  if you're leaving the epa, make sure trump knows why.	0
sad day in america . russians everywhere   and   too	0
he'll reach 1 billion in travel expenses at this rate, literally 10 times what   spent...       &	0
is this the secret russian deal trump made?  rwd.fr/2pjiw9b        pic.twitter.com/y6s3m12ffm	0
dont let trump steal your joy, resist but also feed your bliss	0
am i the only one who is weirded out by the fact that the world is in a "twitter war" right now?	0
reasure.craigslist.org/rvs/6078378051.html … when you just want a   :/	0
you can't hit an airbase but you can hit hundreds of civilians	0
oh yeah, thank them for missing the target as you directed them to do.	0
what a dumbass "airstrike" syria using the airbase again the next day	0
glad he's so concerned about all the very bad things going on the world..	0
i  so sorry. really	0
pic.twitter.com/nb6lrx93cd	0
maybe the sun will shine today     pic.twitter.com/znvcfqqvb5	0
corporate america needs to stay out of our privacy.	0
has orange man even left the country, or is this just travel from d.c. to nyc and fl? yuge waste of $$$!	0
who's the 5th wheel?	0
yeah!!!! they are waking up & smelling the coffee.	0
someone tell this guy to stop wearing hats, he looks ridiculous in them..  it's hard to wear a hat on that mop he sports.	0
wait, isis bombed a church in egypt? well   has been president for over 50 days, how does isis still exist?	0
shows how i feel & what 2 do w/     4-1-17 payback  outu.be/vhmmndg-5jw	0
who would have thought a fox news anchor wouldn't last on the nsc? nobody new how complicated foreign policy was!	0
i suppose he's a reminder of simpler times	0
won't be long before jerk signs eo bringing back the draft. will be a great way to get all the poor & minorities good u.s. jobs!	0
gee there is a shocker, another	0
need to go!!	0
congress just made it officially legal to kill hibernating bears    … via	0
omg, i just shot coffee outta my nose! thanks, dude. i needed that. this shit blew up in his face & i'm loving it!	0
alec baldwin killed it as the horrible bill o'reilly &the equally horrid   !	0
s l had me in tears with italian haters and. so forth, lois c. k, and i'm half sicilian	0
hope the supreme court justices who care about  people dont leave so   wont be able to nom another1 so they will ruin the country!	0
it's difficult to cite that repulsive creature's existence w/ typing he-who-must-not-be-named's actual name.   pic.twitter.com/npb3mivkjo	0
difficult to type refer to that white supremacist's name without typing his actual name.   pic.twitter.com/yxp3xlxlnl	0
he-who-must-not-be-named... the fat, drunk, white supremacist in trump's administration?   "i love my brick." pic.twitter.com/if4vl6f0o1	0
repost via   from emergen.c.kitten	0
trump's ego will not allow him to feel like he's getting the short straw. inevitably, there will be more strikes, more war, etc.	0
just in case syria wants to retaliate...         pic.twitter.com/vetogwluvc	0
rt & vote.           (hint: correct answer is "all of the above".)  is   a:	0
people still support and applaud him.	0
if this escalates we are fucked.	0
sadly, it's normal for trump. but we don't have to lower ourselves by making it normal for us.	0
so why no tweet from   re march   being so bad? only 98k instead of 180?	0
i accepted this about 23 yrs ago.	0
fat ass prez!	0
!!!	0
!!!	0
warns   of air strikes in   but he won't tell his own citizens.   my ass, more like     pic.twitter.com/hfycdjbq0f	0
a brief facebook rant.   pic.twitter.com/kug8ix4ndp	0
an illegitimate scotus judge* appointed by an illegitimate president*. enjoy your asterisks $hit heels.	0
i guess if your numbers tank again it's north korea next week?	0
my favorite gif these days. great for a pick-me-up.   pic.twitter.com/dgdkuj6wxp	0
rt oh, now	0
1971 ford pinto....	0
funny, no tweet storm about the failing jobs report today... just this...           pic.twitter.com/spvmfvj9jh	0
trump corruption, inc.: "it's fiiiiiine. everything's fiiiiiine." nothing to see here. move along.     pic.twitter.com/4vo8eexast	0
nothing has changed   is still a racist&sexist azzz oh and 12 woman have still accused him of sexual assault we haven't forgotten!	0
bill maher nails republicans:                …	0
ok rogi, i see u stopped w vodka or gin. honestly absinth is not a good substitute- stop that shit rogi - not good for u or us	0
-   my ass ;   &   -	0
it's like saying someone pissing in neighbours garden will be gardener of the year !!!	0
in his case - stupidity is very transparent	0
please don't think you represent the american people.  2/3 of the american people would like to see him fired.	0
yah! great job on bringing the world closer to destruction. thumbs up from the cheeto in chief	0
dang man, can we just go with everything? i mean seriously.	0
i need these! and their for a great cause!	0
i hate this child in the white house.	0
pic.twitter.com/71bpgbouaq	0
lmfao!	0
thanks friend!      welcome aboard ~   !	0
*were here prior to any european immigration pic.twitter.com/62ssnamojq	0
is an idiot he said he hes has the best cpl months of any president?? what a dunce hes has the worst mos of ne president so far?	0
f. i. r. e.  this  m. o. n. s. t. e. r.!	0
if the u.s. becomes nazi germany it's your fault           …	0
how about this shit.	0
isn't that sad?	0
not good	0
syrian airbase hit by trump’s missiles has already resumed bombing people –     eadstate.org/syrian-airbase-hit-by-trumps-missiles-has-already-resumed-bombing-people/ …	0
fr tho....       pic.twitter.com/s8fvhj4oh2	0
obama was a president, trump's a dictator, he broke the law, he must go: strike in syria  yti.ms/1dajaw8	0
read this thread. air strikes were just political - multiple sources of evidence	0
to distract the american public from my russian antics. and help raise $ - not for chem attack victims but my 2020 run.	0
important to understand what a biggly $$$$ maker this is - prison for profit.	0
thankful that jared kushner was present to offer safe advice...not.	0
if you voted for donald trump you got saggy nipples.	0
racism poster on behance  w.ly/f7ll30abncm	0
i didn't forget about   & doubt anyone else did.bombing one airfield is a political statement, it won't change much &	0
prayer didn't help the jobs report today.	0
knew other syrian kids were killed awhile ago? it's only now when his poll numbers are down he changes his tune don't trust him!	0
the gop r just a bunch of azzzes they only support   if he does what they want like get rightwinger on sup crt&get in wars?	0
funny how few yrs ago   tweeted obama used bombing dictators to get media off his bad poll numbers yeah right unlike himself??	0
hahahahahahha!!!!	0
innerhalb einer woche von "i don't care about syria" zu "let's bomb the shit out of them" - welch sinneswandel !	0
trumpsiedumpsie...you just said a mouthful.	0
i'm on the list.	0
it's wonderful to serve under a man who uses american servicemen and woman for good pr and political gains,  if you say so!	0
lol i'd probably rather be there too,	0
rip u.s. senate, 1789-2017  lip.it/jgikbd	0
oh man.. i never wanted to live in a world like this  .	0
now what do you have to say	0
it feels like 2003 all over again.        — feeling angry	0
looks like hillary was elected afterall, this should make left happy	0
if he pulls this shit for north korea, parts of the u.s. will be like chernobyl's 30km exclusion zone.   pic.twitter.com/35e8nabgdb	0
instead of age well.       pic.twitter.com/9utytf3dol	0
different now when ur in office but would have criticized obama had he done what u just did. seriously ur a hypocrite.	0
i hope   relaizes russia will turn on him &ihope they release what info they have on him cuz u know they have something on him!	0
amenities offered at mar-a-largo resort: free wi-fi/swim-up pool bar/valet parking/missile strike buttons/pets allowed	0
why don't you ask if he made the right decision to ban syrian refugees from entering our country?	0
psychologist's call this projection or something like that don't they?	0
sorry   is not interested in helping your refugees, but when "help" = bombs he's totally got your back	0
just wants his poll numbers to go up& ppl to love him for bombing syria hes still in azz &hes still a horrible president !!	0
from a gold resort, that he owns and has been to almost every single weekend since he took office. he's a pos.	0
is just doing this to look all tough, he's a coward, always was always will be!   you're a waste!     …	0
planning to strike syria?  step 1. go to vacation home in florida.	0
fuck trump and everyone associated with him.  you suck you piece of shit. i hope you rot in hell.	0
so much for trying to avoid the news today.	0
faaaaantastic. just in case there was anyone left not terrified of trump, this happened. worse president ever.     pic.twitter.com/zr9sjdvpuc	0
he's a hero, that   !	0
twitter sues u.s. government over demand for records on anti-trump account      pple.news/ahdhcprhjsnome3dwfc3jxw …	0
whhhaaaaatttttt??!!!!!!	0
the ugly vs ugly battle is getting mean....	0
lmao this made me almost spit my drink out    pic.twitter.com/igckpbpkzy	0
you really dont care	0
is trending ... i detect russian bots... posting  thousands of fake tweets...	0
mmmhhhmm   pic.twitter.com/k4em6lw75q	0
oh by the way	0
pos dt who knows nothing about anything is going to get us into a war just to raise his popularity and show how strong he is.	0
welp. saw that comin'.	0
"a la ketsup" should be on there as well ....	0
so disappointed in our government.  instead of bringing us together we are being forced apart.	0
sad, failing     is now less popular than   among americans:  oo.gl/zkzzmd	0
spicer presents   plan on syria at wh.               pic.twitter.com/ussfxgzmsa	0
just more effing	0
i agree!	0
wth is wrong with those people?change the picture of a family to a fricking picture of damned coal!!!	0
welp.... smh....this is what is happening,    zfd.it/2oexlki	0
what a leader. "something should happen". it's life & death now - not buying furniture for a hotel.	0
sitting on his hands after   goading the r's to invoke   i think we can all agree   pic.twitter.com/a21afiofjf	0
he's "mansplaining" to her.	0
if only we could have done this when it came to who won president      pic.twitter.com/rsr8wdrxix	0
with	0
,and on the 8th day, god said "let there be rock!!!"         pic.twitter.com/fpxdpvgklr	0
.   eh eh eh! you are considered deeply uncool by most!	0
should recuse himself from trump's ass. "sharing" info with subject of investigation is inexcusable.	0
world, again, we are so fuckin sorry.	0
i am a strong independent woman i can do anything	0
is there line that divides shitty   and less shitty ones? read to find out.	0
funny.co/fun/hvt3z8mf4	0
well this would have been better than the death of our democracy!    …	0
if   stands up 2 putin i hope vladimir can zip up quick. what a photo-op that would be!	0
incredible! russia: syria gas attack victims faked it  hebea.st/2p2omk6	0
trump lifts ban on hunting hibernating bears      …	0
will he be headed to florida this weekend? but of course! working hard!       pic.twitter.com/imxbbczeuc	0
i am a rare breed, a native texan  progressive, but real texans prided themselves in thinking for themselves.	0
trump lifts a ban on hunting hibernating bears & wolf cubs in dens! wonder what would   have to say about this!	0
looking at your tweet history, i bet you probably run around saying "mrs. president" and that garland's seat was "stolen." also,	0
simple math.	0
touché! i forgot that line.	0
hai hello this is me i'm a democrat struggling to feel any pride for the us....	0
trump defends wild claims: 'i'm president, and you're not' - cnn            pple.news/aitgr7-drtk2scesc9nsocq …	0
holy shit! what's the   gonna do next?! release   taxes?!	0
i don't even care about    tits   anymore ! ! !	0
another time for a lie from you??	0
thank you                pic.twitter.com/eeqzowtlef	0
oh but of coarse, it's good business, bad for young people..	0
i say leave her alone, who wants to be with the fat ass plastic head..	0
as in they're not needed, liked by anyone and ruin the entire thing.	0
you are literally me with the election/post election.	0
i know, right & some people. btw	0
you didn't like   he was and is running the show, of is it jared ?	0
no jobs, macy's, penney's, payless shoes, no jobs there dumbass	0
i do not support trump but i thought this building was interesting.    pic.twitter.com/5p0p20vqkz	0
gross.	0
let's close down all of his bitness'.	0
i'm not sure i'm liking neda this season! i miss cass bigly!	0
pic.twitter.com/5t6mvips6l	0
here are jobs that are being outsourced under   - working in these times     nthesetimes.com/working/entry/20021/here_are_jobs_that_are_being_outsourced_under_trump …	0
sorry   but if those dem farmers who voted 4 trump even though they use undocumented workers lose there biz i could careless	0
omg! first stevie bannon   who next, stevie miller? say goodby to the two stevies!	0
if this is true about shitbag trump my he fuck off .	0
the birth of 45 was a criminal act against humanity.	0
my pinata for my 55th birthday     pic.twitter.com/c97rcoufqv	0
i wish   was our president.	0
new look. fits him perfectly!       pic.twitter.com/0ragbioexu	0
says everything about nepotism when   created a position just for	0
dear world:  pay no attention to   ... he's just a sh*t stain that stupid people voted in.  sorry 'bout it,  me	0
hey   remember when   didn't have a "big impact" on you?           pic.twitter.com/uu1gg8pgnd	0
can we please get rid id this toxic clan!!!!	0
with trump in charge this should be april fool's month, not april fool's day.....	0
even a broke clock is right at least twice a day.           …	0
rocky,bullwinkle,natasha,and boris.        pic.twitter.com/vxqsc8mkcw	0
so   is blaming obama for syria. how about instead of pointing the finger, we take action and help them?	0
louis c.k.takes the politics out of it and observes   for what he really is        outu.be/xnxg2pbvmli	0
and he used again the term "believe me" - if anyone would believe in that f****ing "schnullie" !!!	0
just sayin, manilow wasn't gay when obama was in office. thanks trump	0
toddler twins reenact their favorite 'frozen' scene  eople.com/human-interest/adorable-toddler-twins-reenact-their-favorite-frozen-scene-and-its-incredibly-on-point/ … via	0
just keep winning   that was a real classy move during sexual assault awareness month.	0
a short presidency of   - good news	0
will have more time to drink paint thinner now.	0
i am under the impression that he has alzheimer's - he doesn't know at all what he told yesterday - poor sick   -	0
trump defends o'reilly and fox news. figures. if you still like trump you're a fucking moron.	0
why am i not shocked trump supports o'rielly. sexual predators gotta stay together.	0
omg.  he's talking like he runs the world and doing that stupid s**t with his right hand.  he will kill us all.	0
i think trump is about to start relating the events of the election again at his news conference with king abdullah. geeeezzzz!	0
not surprised.	0
germany fired the minister of defense (guttenberg) in 2011 b/c doing that and he lost his title (dr) - let's see where this goes	0
republicans are going to wish hillary clinton won  ymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2017/04/republicans-are-going-to-wish-hillary-clinton-won.html?mid=twitter-share-di … via	0
seriously??? americans are not leaving a single oppurtunity to blame trump......  via coc pic.twitter.com/i5qummlmpr	0
- atrocities in syria, isis taunts trump, n. korea fires missiles, trump plans to play golf…what a leader..	0
donnie scared the shit out of them, no refugees want to go to us anymore w that   in the wh	0
fucking awesome, fuck trump,  i just made the dope at trump and fox news diss song you should peep, it's my pinned tweet,	0
trump!  what have you done?             pic.twitter.com/ghsrcha8jh	0
syrian regime gasses children - trump blames obama instead of calling out the syrian/russian forces. this is disgusting.	0
i hope these   are seriously not applauding the dismantling of	0
you are going to get us killed.   and take your entitled kids with you!	0
not one word of comfort. trump is incapable of empathy.	0
republican health proposal would undermine coverage for pre-existing conditions  yti.ms/2nrnbjo	0
can   b nemore of an azz he cozies up to word leaders who kill their own ppl but is silent when children&others r killed in syria!	0
who else belives that president donald trump us being a horrible president right now while he's in office	0
this is not an    you are a   and a	0
thanks bae     pic.twitter.com/pwo91bpl7s	0
someone keeps photoshopping   face on the queen and it’s seriously terrifying    n.is/thegailygrind.com/hks1z …	0
2 of the funniest people	0
can just tell them the phone is under an irs audit. passcode will be released when audit is over.	0
pic.twitter.com/e4a09f6rdc	0
us cutting un funding for women...stop pretending you care about women and children if you keep screwing them over...	0
obama went to congress to get authorization for syria. they declined to vote.	0
just sayin.....       pic.twitter.com/fukyzzfe5q	0
trump only wants to be prez when it favors him otherwise blame , deflect and lie!	0
um wait, during april? anyone see a problem with this or just me?	0
why have this craptastic bill at all? they are stripping anything that helps people at all.     hates everyone	0
trumpers        the o'reilly factor    just deflection since he doesn't know what to do.	0
trumpers        the o'reilly factor	0
trumpers        the o'reilly factor   duh, the right wing agenda is just plain stupid.	0
i hope you wrote     for help yeah   no one stops	0
glam shots are in again?!	0
can someone please tell   that he needs to start acting like a president and grow up.	0
the soda has more shame!!!         pic.twitter.com/zipugjnj9w	0
you're such a lying disgrace to your country!	0
obama destroyed their known   weapon stockpile. your almost 100 days in. they did this in spite of you   .	0
impeach   the clown and his cronies.    so does his   and      of	0
what a tiny puy he is. oh, & a gigantic liar	0
lol, remember when   got the weapons destroyed in 2013?	0
so this pos first says don't attack asad, now he says obama was weak for not attacking asad.	0
its genocide awareness month and the administration has no comment? complete fail.	0
cut the national park service's budget by $120 million. donate $78k check to national park service.  yeah. that'll fix it.	0
and as we avert our faces to this horror; the horror of pennsy ave. blames president obama. where does the buck stop cheeto?	0
just to show my solidarity. would rather tweet	0
is that the best you can do? blames   after tweeting multiple times not to take action in syria?	0
the look on his face. omg. i want to bottle it up and sell it as "hey trump? fuck you!" priceless...just priceless.	0
there is nothing more chickenshit on earth than blaming others and failing to accept any responsibility	0
test   is the worst president& its only been a few months!!	0
so how is this working for you??? you were clueless then and clueless now	0
nyt editorial: a peek into the      yti.ms/2owtykm	0
indeed. wish they'd get some common sense...	0
we have entered the twilight zone.          pic.twitter.com/ersjzpekcp	0
screw silly spice! he's going 2 jail w/the rest of the demonic commies.	0
pretty much definitive proof that   pays no attention to the world and just says "republican good, democrat bad"	0
guess he is not allowed to answer anything w/out the approval of the  big boss !!!!	0
happy to be canadian. my four year boycott of the us means less concerts/bike trips/shopping	0
anyone want to advise me to buy avast's secureline vpn, or do i need avast's secureline vpn to get a response?	0
the nerve of 45 practically kissing assad and then blaming obama for the death of syrian babies is disgusting.	0
has   acknowledged martin luther king?the racist of course not? the dying ppl/kids in syria no?the ppl killed in russia of course?	0
daily reminder: trump is the worst.	0
does the   media have2 show everytime this idiot   talks he says nothing &just tries 2get ppl 2think he's doing sumthing	0
what kinda planet he wants to leave for the future kids? running around with masks ??? he is not uninformed, he's simply stupid	0
such bullshit.	0
the forgotten class in trump's america	0
salmon conservation and research may take a hit - new budget for 2017:    …	0
so   want more jobs, but w/out tourism many many jobs will be lost!	0
the same govt that now wants to require you hand over your phone & passwords to them without due process.	0
what's for sure is we don't have 2 import people 2 know   we need 2 stand together as a planet we know	0
of course he does...	0
we are having a bad-hair-day-presidency: our dishonest president  w.to/anykane	0
now's your chance to have a bite, to match his bark. pre-order your   lollipops today.  it.ly/trumpsuckss  pic.twitter.com/3knjcmeegz	0
and yet   doesn't want to throw because he's afraid to get booed and that would hurt his ego. give me a break.	0
i see ppl   trying2 bash susan rice whose been bashed by the right wing media 4 yrs!!   already worse prez since nixon?	0
sad for the us was putin appointing you!!!!	0
trump insulted and degraded disabled americans, followed up by trying to eliminate services disabled americans need to survive	0
the popular vote. don't forget the popular vote. by 3 million.	0
i'd take him back in a   over the most ignorant pos potus ever to sit in	0
don't believe what   told you, woman actually hate him!	0
you can now support planned parenthood by eating "trump sucks" lollipops          …	0
you have 2 answer 4 your president. a fan club 4 hillary doesn't absolve him of his idiocy. all he has is that comparison cause	0
why am i not surprised?	0
awesome,	0
great time with my boys at the dodgers opening day   pic.twitter.com/9aocg2ko2g	0
because of course he does. i mean who doesn't want all their private info sold to the highest bidder?!	0
disgusting     has encouraged.. now more than ever time to speak up. more eyes watching than ever before	0
thread.	0
well of course he did...	0
i'm   important. huge and bigly!	0
tell the fbi	0
bwahahahaha!!!! that's awesome!!!	0
my hair has full blown aids! ok? other than that, i'm terrific!       pic.twitter.com/bcqndtm2r0	0
on merrick garland, typical     pic.twitter.com/gevzyvzymc	0
make that shit up     but we sometimes throw in   to unite the community	0
made sure some blood diamonds are in the shot, as well.	0
actually, majority said no wall. waste of money & mexico isn't paying for it.	0
mexico is not paying for the wall. if i say i would like a nice steak dinner but colin is paying for it, what would you say?	0
let's not have any nominees passed this entire presidency.  we can make it with just 8 until	0
wow, what an incredible statement from the "so called" president of the usa - i am flashed !!!	0
omg. are you f&^%ing kidding me? what a moron. insecure, pathetic moron. no april fool's today :(    witter.com/femmesunafraid/status/848934793299587072 …	0
why is he saying all the time "believe me", is he believing nobody believes him, i believe thats true !!!	0
hey trumpy, ever heard of weight watchers? you are a large orange clown! bigly!	0
we're trump supporters. we don't need facts. we make stuff up, tell you to prove us wrong, then call your proof fake.	0
you are pathetic. please resign and stay on the golf course.	0
guys the russians hacked the election	0
if our chancellor would listen to "bild-news" and make comments in public we would send her to "circus roncalli"	0
oh my god the election is over let it go!! you can't deflect your mistakes by still going back to her!!	0
i truly don't understand how this man was put in charge of foreign affairs. how is he qualified? nepotism at its best!	0
.   haha hehe haha! you are probably considered a failure by your father!	0
are you & your 35% approval threatening members of your own party? and this is the honeymoon? what a wreck - bigly!	0
perhaps one of the stupidest tweets out of an administration that delivers stupid tweets hourly.	0
i live in a canadian border state - ny.  lots of reports of   citizens of muslim heritage sent back.	0
snif snif. why don't people like me?	0
do you not know how to throw a baseball?	0
as a retired us marine- i did a lot for my country- and proud of it- but you are doing a great thing here! keep it up!	0
what a bunch of red dumbasses, how do they like their vote now?	0
they should go spend a week in a tent traveling by canoe. might clear some of the garbage from their souls & minds?	0
is a treasure.    nstagram.com/p/bszp-7vfina/	0
yes   did prepare, she is still the most qualified ever, and she beat your ass.	0
regrann from justmary97  -  45 even ruins things for cartoon love stories	0
$15 million	0
and the usa taxpayers are reimbursing "his" clubs for his golfing, food and lodging	0
you're very familiar with fake crap, trumpu, trump vodka, trump airlines, trump steaks all crappy	0
hola, mr. marx! this is for you. hot cha cha cha...     pic.twitter.com/xad8q8mn6s	0
the current political mileu has emboldened every garden variety dick; including the ones who disgrace the uniforms they wear.	0
prob was there were a lot of journalists & bots claiming trump & bernie had a lot in common. trump latched on to that & it took	0
white house shake-up rumors are getting louder - vanity fair             pple.news/awrhqx9rmtbeo60ydl7ispq …	0
wanted to comment, really did, but i don't have my visa permit yet. wouldn't be the best idea      pic.twitter.com/82qqtzwmnh	0
''our dishonest president''. that fits this orange colored orangutan's description perfectly.     pic.twitter.com/tvi3azlpns	0
save georgia voted trump. good luck with that vote!!! hope the grifter gives one of his buddies the contract on your highway.	0
'king' of   marchers in      …	0
if any democrat backs gorsuch make sure they don't keep their seat in 2018.	0
has alot of gop against him but watch when supreme court justice the really wight wing gorsich needsvotes they will vote4him!!	0
if   is afraid of hearing boos&thats why he turned down throwing1st pitch at sports event makes him a loser guess hes hiding4 4yrs	0
speaking of leaking, what about that russian tape?	0
p. trump keeps fucking up. maybe russia can help us.	0
hillary got more votes then   if not4 those idiot democrats in wisc,ohio&another statewho voted4 the idiot trump!!	0
sorry but i think those   who say all is well&great with trump r just stupid & or delusional?hes a racist,sexist,lying rapist!!	0
funny how everyone was afraid of & running from clowns, yet you elected the biggest clown of all as president	0
fyi: i am not always a snide, nasty bitch... but i do play one on twitter sometimes.	0
youre delusional. seek help.	0
what sunday's golf day will be like lol     pic.twitter.com/ikmakejrgc	0
makes me feel better.	0
never gets old!           pic.twitter.com/o3xd01x6vm	0
trump sets sights on net neutrality rules next, spicer says  - ( eddit.app.link/3csfk8w7ib )         …	0
don't fucking clean, be you af  make your room clean itself	0
i will just leave this here - 38% approval rating. only this historic about it is that u did it in record time.	0
well this certainly won't turn out well, see where their lack of vetting has gotten them so far.	0
no thanx. you trumplings drank all of the orange flavor.   why does a vietnam vet love a draft dodger anyway? weird.	0
just pre-ordered a bunch of the strawberry mint   lollies  to support	0
ha ha   lollipops..   …	0
biggest hypocrite ever!!!! why does it matter? because war	0
just like his presidency - a fraud.	0
putting   back to work is like putting blockbuster video clerks back to work.	0
even the dark side is like, "pfffft...loser."                 rt rt pic.twitter.com/smw7iyhbft	0
trump has created an oligarchy of aristocrats & corporate special interests!	0
chickenshit.         b.me/3g9bffjhg	0
then schiff was not given same documents nunes saw! they're trying to cover their asses but we're on to them!	0
"   didn't drain the swamp now he's taking advice from the swamp creatures"	0
fake  i'm % for   &%against️    ️	0
my baser self is rotflmfao. my grownup self is too, actually.   and the	0
here's to you   may make your day better!	0
i'm surprised   is able to stand that close to another woman without feeling the need to cheat on his wife	0
what's so elite about being an   ?! superb and superior     !!	0
i hate   but the dems need to worry about the next supreme court nominee becuz kennedy will leave &thats the one we need2 fight4?	0
lollipops  too bad the  proceeds go to pp   ownhall.com/tipsheet/christinerousselle/2017/03/31/trump-sucks-lollipop-n2307038 …	0
we need to get back to the real story - 3m-5m illegal votes! where is that clown gregg phillips with his report?	0
indeed........	0
unbelievable - and these guys think that's the way   ??? but on the other hand w/ that idol they have - no wonder !!!	0
really puts the "bully" in bully pulpit, doesn't he?	0
me within two minutes into a conversation with any avid trump supporter...          pic.twitter.com/pbxbvhpz0x	0
pic.twitter.com/neyodmcrgm	0
when will you admit you colluded with putin   u r a traitor.  looking forward to your impeachment	0
nate beeler             pic.twitter.com/scdsr6uaxq	0
marquil             pic.twitter.com/edovwbyxjz	0
never mind trump is worse than cancer	0
he took his toys and went home-crybaby	0
republicans, little warning before you bend us over and shove it in, would be nice	0
truth.	0
you were awesome tonight. thanks for not backing down w/all these white men who think racism & sexism is fine in a joke format.	0
lets do this.	0
.  has moved the doomsday clock. he better move it back.           pic.twitter.com/y2jucpgp0w	0
the white house has never looked whiter.	0
typical of his creepiness	0
it's the song i can't stop  singing	0
senility set in? oh wait, i meant stupidity.	0
dt must be shaking in his shorts now!	0
omg i just had a great idea. whichever democrat runs for president in 2020 should use the slogan make america great again	0
i know you're right.	0
lies + finger pointing= trump's maga	0
hmm treat the water? these people should all be tarred and feathered.	0
tasty     .townhall.com/tipsheet/christinerousselle/2017/03/31/trump-sucks-lollipop-n2307038 …	0
infrastructure was one of the only things i was on board with. so of course, that was a lie too ️	0
didn't you used to complain about obama golfing after 3 months in office?	0
you get it	0
no! confirm garland first	0
sat.ly/2ncbp5n	0
priceless.	0
i feel sorry for your elders affected by this.  n.is/  …	0
what was the idiot   in too big of a hurry to get to his crappy golf course again? another weekend spending our $.	0
lhh sick bastard get out the office already     pic.twitter.com/fm1z55w9bo	0
trump should be in jail with bernie madoff! i could be rich 2 if i could steal money from people and walk away a free man.	0
big pharma? banks? how bout' some big candy:  w.ly/orqf30aqkgk  all proceeds benefit	0
trump administration rescinds protections for transgender students. why so mean?        …	0
preordered my   lollipops, bc nothing parallels this prez like a sucker filled with garbage!   .facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10154556192463284&id=532923283&refid=17&ref=bookmarks&__tn__=%2as …	0
"  lollipops support      … via	0
time for a new election	0
pay up, trump.....and not out of your foundation neither. pay up out of your owned damned pocket!	0
is a horrible prez but we can't have mike pence as president his right-wing views are worse then the idiots!!	0
spicer's comments on hrc and the russians are completely ridiculous!  is her brain damaged?	0
.  did you shake her hand? did you grab her pussy? oh, that's right ... you don't like to touch "those people."	0
the timeline speaks clearly  alkingpointsmemo.com/edblog/the-timeline-speaks-clearly … via	0
highest level of dishonesty from you cheetoo.	0
rather go to the dentist.	0
whatever you say, psycho.   pic.twitter.com/r8bsmhaho2	0
damn it! i am eagerly anticipating the person that will give it all up! i need more	0
if you want a back page for this hypocrite:  pic.twitter.com/fbdmluq48v	0
ooops. remembering stuff is hard.	0
who knew global trade policy was so complicated?	0
twitter search is broken   returned zero results.             pic.twitter.com/mwiowajnrl	0
national embarrassment daily. just resign and go back to the golf course.	0
the "jobs"   promises jobs but will take jobs because he hates obama and has struggles with homophobia.	0
it's gonna be sweet when this group crashes & burns. ethically deficient.	0
hey   ... remember when you said this, you piece of sh*t?      pic.twitter.com/d4eu51jr44	0
you still don't.      pic.twitter.com/llkaokqwoc	0
we've extend the production of   to raise as much as we can for the international planned parenthood fed.  it.ly/trumpsuckss  pic.twitter.com/hyhovxc10i	0
after calling nafta ‘worst trade deal,’ trump appears to soften stance, via      …	0
good morning     outu.be/qemfqkcpycg	0
can you anything coming out this whoremongers mouth when he wouldn't even shake hands with the female chancellor of germany.	0
yale prof on   : it would be stupid to have no fear right now	0
no - i don't wanna play w the other kids - the are all evil. what a kindergarten instead of fixing problems for the .	0
i bet she would pay anything to stay away from him.	0
hope the entire   and its segment/splinter groups implode.	0
hahahaha. "we hire the best". also, you suck. epa slams trump's climate change policy — by accident       …	0
you guys! i bought a bunch of these! for a good cause!!	0
keep up the pressure on     many top elites will be going down within the year!         pic.twitter.com/ypxbne3qqm	0
way to bring the country together!	0
support the international planned parenthood federation       …	0
don't forget, white house   staff deserve commendation after this is over.	0
is a national embarrassment, just like his boss -   both need to go.	0
how many of those broads did you grab in the pussy?	0
lock him up! lock him up! lock him up!	0
lol. that''s great. next he'll have us driving model t fords.	0
but where will you make your shitty hats and ties?!?	0
let's start the convictions with jeff sessions.	0
not sure how i feel about putting his face in my mouth lol... but i definitely support the cause!    b.me/35funs8hl	0
thanks for the warning, i'll skip it.	0
ashable.com/2017/03/29/trump-sucks-lollipops/?utm_cid=mash-com-tw-main-link  … raise money for planned parenthood spread spit on trump face	0
you're the one buying up all of the china steel.	0
crazy how old, fat white dudes make these kinds of decisions on women's health.	0
so he already knew that trump colluded with the russians but had to go to wh to get confirmation?	0
trump. it. both clowns, both dangerous.	0
pic.twitter.com/k1npplx2xh	0
pic.twitter.com/z6qkfh2dxb	0
mike flynn, who once said immunity is for criminals, is requesting immunity | gq    …	0
.  company  selling   shaped candy in support of pro-choice   name:      …	0
ordered me a couple to support a great foundation and stick it to our shitty administration!	0
when the so called president shits bricks, are they orange? inquiring minds want to know.	0
uk candy co selling   lollipops   pic.twitter.com/pgmehwmrzx	0
"this candy company is selling 'trump sucks' lollipops to support planned parenthood"    .huffpost.com/us/entry/us_58dd073fe4b05eae031d7a3e/amp …	0
all profits from the sale of these goes to planned parenthood. great idea for easter gifting!    b.me/5xjo7bcm1	0
your admin is pathetic and all of you are making the us an international laughing stock. i hope you all end up under the jail!	0
lolipops support planned parenthood    … via	0
suck on   give   head taste his sweet candy.          uff.to/2ne8gjf	0
whodathunkit? the tea party and democratic party having to unite to save america from   and russia??	0
whatever floats your boat.	0
.      just cut off your nose to spite someone!	0
this bit of video is creepy on more than one level.    witter.com/shewhovotes/status/847304442508492800 …	0
the   lollipops are available online, you can find them here  it.ly/trumpsuckss .	0
never thought i'd say it this week. but   . the sweet company is from the uk.         …	0
evidently, gop congressmen work for potus. can't have a bipartisan investigation that way, can we?	0
that no one will want these   in their mouths?	0
explains a lot.	0
nyt op-ed:   vs    yti.ms/2nq4tin	0
almost makes you feel sorry for ivanka.  almost.	0
just like "  lies". or "  lies".	0
what the repeal of online privacy protections means for you  yti.ms/2nq42yd	0
bwahahaha   to make life sweeter   selling these ltd lollipops with all proceeds going to the ippf(planned parenthood)	0
take a listen to our latest show where we cover recent movies, and of course, how bad 45 sucks it.   oundcloud.com/perml_podcast/ssc-episode-14-logans-x-a-peel …   pic.twitter.com/qu1kxkis2a	0
my dead hamster from 5th grade is more qualified than	0
best thing on the interwebs today:      … via	0
.   aaahhhhaaaahhh! you are underachieving despite extreme wealth!	0
hmm look like   can't manage to type a complete sentence that makes sense anytime! fyi   thinks ya'll &	0
things that make you go humm!	0
brutal.	0
china calls us 'selfish' after   seeks to bring back coal         lip.it/iuw0m1	0
show your support for   because      … via	0
i think they'd prefer the ability to do it in one swoop, but step-by-step will work, too.	0
company makes     to support        b.me/177f3vcu7	0
- brilliant idea	0
this company sells trump sucks lollipops to help planned parenthood.         .huffpost.com/us/entry/us_58dd073fe4b05eae031d7a3e?ir=politics&utm_hp_ref=politics …	0
you really are embarrassing yourself. get therapy or just grow up!	0
these are amazing! trump lollipops are here to benefit planned parenthood          witter.com/i/moments/847194672640483330 …	0
regards from the germans	0
interesting, since   has disgraced the human world.   stop whining you pathetic	0
to all my beloved                  pic.twitter.com/xhhojw1i3a	0
they are turning on the man with the tiny hands.	0
trump starts digging his political grave: trump says ‘we must fight’ freedom caucus      apo.st/2ocrrb8	0
this dipshit is the reason for my   subscription.	0
the failing so-called potus has disgraced the world. change impeachment laws?	0
can he take these guests anywhere that doesn't have his name on it? how is that not a conflict of interest?!?	0
stop crying and start acting like a man   pic.twitter.com/trojr8lwza	0
words can't describe how much i love this!	0
bernie sanders slams trump after exxonmobil urges white house to abide by paris climate accord      …	0
oh yeah.	0
love the attitude, but concept is flawed. instead of showing   this says we suck trump.	0
when your birthday cake says   and   but you also love    pic.twitter.com/snic4myghv	0
count me 'proudly' among the liberal contingent also.	0
“trump lollipops are here to benefit planned parenthood”   witter.com/i/moments/847194672640483330 …	0
a cyber muffin basket, to   w love	0
more than happy for you to put him wherever you want aaron.	0
get them out of the wh and into jail pic.twitter.com/unxhyxgdlm	0
imidacloprid, one of the most widely used bee-killing pesticides in the world            …	0
everyday this idiot is doing something to ruin american lives'.            …	0
she's the boss.	0
just like i thought   knows nothing &just sits at his desk and signs presidential decorations? must make this idiot a one termer!	0
you are a horrible man! the media isn't to blame. you're total disregard for the american people is to blame.	0
uuuh. president mimimimimi will have another 3$ mil vacation on taxpayers dime. wonderful	0
this is going well beyond "understandable". but for a hard working man's vacation on taxpayers dime it's ok.	0
dear usa: isn't it time to restrict the ? all in taxpayers dime. what a president	0
his grandchildren are more mature & well-spoken than crazy grampy donny.	0
methinks thou doth protest too much. where there's smoke, there's fire. truth hurts.	0
by miles...	0
and carter was supposed to be dumb & uncouth. dt can't hold a candle to carter's warmth, generosity, kindness and humanity.	0
are u sure. one is sitting in the wh now	0
nepotism at it's finest	0
barack obama, president of the united states of america, do hereby proclaim march 29, 2012, as vietnam veterans day.	0
promotes   campaign	0
..think a public   is definitely in order..what other products do u make...       ...	0
lets pollute america that sounds like a winner	0
never thought i would say but i totally agree with expresident gwb.he may be a bush & a republican but we have a lot worse now	0
really, what next?   candymaker selling        …	0
nstagram.com/p/bspsl-7bxat/	0
“trump lollipops are here to benefit planned parenthood”   witter.com/i/moments/847194672640483330 …	0
good point!  can we get   doggie treats?	0
i can't help but wonder; is this to help you through those difficult times when you get a hard-on & melania isn't home?   pic.twitter.com/nslzrg8vhd	0
we will fight you in court, we will fight you at the polls, we will fight you with our pocketbooks. #	0
2018 isn't going to end well for these folks.  they'll be cleaning out d.c. offices by the end of the year.	0
not exactly a mensa member this potus, is he? but no one will speak truth to pseudo-power.	0
guess he doesn't know that you have gotten off your tush & *are* doing something. they only know how to insult, not how to act.	0
rt x a gazillion times please!	0
you are just so wrong, you bigot. i didn't vote for o first term, did 2nd. he was an excellent pres.	0
sucking off   lollys for   makes about as much sense as the tea party protesting by fellating obama-shaped fudgesicles	0
ha!   emergen.c.kitten ・・・	0
.  so... if you dislike trump, you can put him in your mouth + lick + and suck until he melts in your mouth..?	0
oh hell no, this is not ok. equal rights for all	0
you were honored to stop by the place where you are supposed to be living?	0
so despicable :(	0
totally agree	0
love it. haha.	0
no, chris, trump not smart enough to bring together a coalition.	0
i cannot believe that no action has been taken about the new trump-russia accusations.	0
been thinking this since day one	0
i laughed way to hard at this!	0
yo president trump's job approval rating hit a new low of 35%	0
trumps daughter/wife moving into                  pic.twitter.com/e2gawobk34	0
just like in private sector rich has privileges life, ..	0
its no surprise 45 thinks hes the best. hes the best at losing! we know that.	0
he always makes his mouth look like a "butthole"!	0
yup.	0
the  stadium isn't one of his resort properties so he can't make a profit! and poor donny doesn't like being booed!	0
trump literally thinks global warming is a hoax. i mean he signed an executive order to literally fuck the environment. wtf.	0
can anyone deny his is taking advantage of the tax payers?               pic.twitter.com/pukbp6jsy6	0
incompetent or evil? (or both?)	0
skipping    outu.be/2e7ljooubuw  via	0
glad to hear it. maybe they can stand in solidarity outside the wh?	0
only in a     america!	0
whatever they have had the last 7 yrs to get a plan together. and nothing, reps. didn't even support it.	0
donald, you blow totally 100% blow. just go away	0
yup, trump speaking to women as if they are stupid and uneducated. hint: women in that room way smarter than trump will ever be!	0
remember when trump said that he would put american families over big businesses...he lied.	0
couldn't happen to a better guy! whew, all this winning must be making dt exhausted.	0
trump admin is full of liars, thieves & conspiracy theorists. approval rating at 36 percent. this is a disgrace!	0
congrats   is this what you meant by making america great again.	0
ccupydemocrats.com/2017/03/28/trump-just-bragged-new-ford-jobs-theres-huge-problem/ …	0
i like your style!!!	0
no shit sherlock! predator, liar & thief        and	0
if obama or hrc had just one clandestine russian encounter, conservos would be going apeshit.	0
hey   - you know you're scarring everyone right?	0
your actions destroy the environment	0
retweeted rogue xv 2017  (       and literally everyone knows it....  b.me/1coxcnzli	0
you know   when he makes   look smart, kind & lovable.	0
i pray i survive 45's shenanigans. anyone else as president would be better than potus pussygrabber.	0
.  please come be our president here in the us, too!  we love you!	0
wow   that's a new one, i like it!	0
your only success is making the us less powerful globally	0
but global warming is a myth... i call bullshit	0
exactly!	0
tragedy of a village built on ice                 pple.news/an0cisy2qsy2t_jmeyl1kta …	0
she's just added she's in denial, also. hahaha. this poor lady.	0
despicable trump	0
damn, really? i want to live in that future! just have to wait about 700 years, i guess. no big deal, amirite?     pic.twitter.com/nqsofee6iw	0
here we go with these   again	0
what about the rest of the country dumbass, why do you have a hard-on for chicago??	0
feel like i need to wear this shirt, so i'm not stopped & detained. being brown is dangerous right now.    pic.twitter.com/j8aa9v3sgp	0
needs a wall around his morality & ideology.     pic.twitter.com/ut16culnbe	0
there's a special place in hell for the two of you, oh, sorry if i hurt your feelings...	0
americans for the arts are americans trying to make america great.	0
has been sold to private prisons and made to line trump's pockets and enrich his brand. so much for great again	0
awesome pic by       @ cafe madero portal churubusco	0
a gutless *slug* trump panders to his base giving states     yet recreational marijuana is a federal issue.   pic.twitter.com/fltuwcolkn	0
why isn't the media covering this?!!             ivestream.com/unicornriot/events/7046185 …	0
on day 35, trump decides that some humans do not need to be treated with human decency. again. goodbye civil rights. 1426 to go.	0
i was going to do a weekend in new york, but i think i'll stay home.	0
blah blah blah, then dont comment on it.	0
donald trump sure is orange!!! donald               pic.twitter.com/jhjbmcez6k	0
i wonder if   and   go home and puke from all the fakeness they're spreading.	0
why has trump undone all the good work   did within weeks. this guy is off his nut	0
here sweet cheeks, fixed that for ya!           pic.twitter.com/ol3xm3r1cg	0
your a disgusting man             pic.twitter.com/kqcxnitxkr	0
trying to figure out the threat caused by obama's bathroom law..? do we have some crime stats backing the need to rescind this?	0
dumb donald is a lovely shade of orange today.  must have had cheetos for breakfast.	0
wtf?? ridiculousness!!	0
this is discussing this is united of the freaking states!!!        hehill.com/latino/320755-lawyers-ice-detainee-with-brain-tumor-removed-from-hospital  …	0
you got that right, the divine miss m!	0
as women we're taught to downplay anger. but anger doesn't have to be violent. it can be motivating & lead to positive outcomes.	0
you are loved and admired	0
agreed...he is despicable. not one positive action since...well, ever.	0
thanks so much   on behalf of all those kids like my daughter who need protection.	0
seriously! don't they behave anything better to do?!	0
if this is a christian value, i want no part of it.	0
who the hell rescinds a law that protects basic human rights???????	0
first she shames   & now she tries to tell me i'm shaming her.	0
he's telling him to calm down and let him win	0
i am not a paid protester and trump still sucks!	0
this pisses me off!!!!	0
for sure  sands tar oil is nasty, check out how it is derived.	0
shout out to toby,  good question,  the rotten ugly answer comes from our fake president.	0
take that   keep pumping that fear!! muslims more compassionate than our own f**kwad prez! imagine that!	0
can someone please explain the current situation to   ?            witter.com/oceanmaniac/status/834566731397992448 …	0
this is bullshit. equal rights for everyone. get him and his idiots out of office!!!!   pic.twitter.com/r39ugmvtnc	0
it is planned out in response to your crazy bull shit.	0
sad constituents need to start with " i'm so and so, and i am not a paid protester"	0
what's worse?   hosting amerikkkan bandstand...damn sickening!	0
so pence does your duties and spicer speaks for you. so what exactly are you doing?	0
completely not what was promised.  way to lead from behind dumbass donald.  you suck!	0
trump lies. what he said on last night of the convention in cleveland, he was lying.   pic.twitter.com/4uxaeeyyib	0
bah ha ha middle schoolers can speak more coherently than him.   pic.twitter.com/pkrobesypq	0
the seven new planets were just added to the travel ban.	0
sorry that cancer took all your life savings but hey, at least you're free.    wtf?	0
how long will it take for trumpian economics to crash? keep deporting tax payers & it won't be long.	0
yeah nothing anti-semitic about that comment...	0
instead of worrying about a border wall   should work to end america's addition to starbucks first!	0
probably not	0
how to really make america great again.   pic.twitter.com/2u8tcucc51	0
i wonder what the new american narrative will be on the other side	0
dumb donald,  the town halls across the country are not being hijacked by paid protestors.  are you really that stupid?	0
would             pic.twitter.com/84zwosyfci	0
as you can see republican economics only works for the rich!	0
public/private positions.   but	0
no they're not,they're ordinary citizens who are disgusted at what you're doing,you combovered tangerine dope.	0
the king of liars   saluting a man nicknamed "honest abe" is really quite a stunning display of hypocrisy.	0
now that is great. just perfect!	0
in a repudiation of trump, a senior house leader rejects wiretap claim    …	0
tech companies to trump: your travel ban still sucks (and we're here to help strike it down)  ashable.com/2017/03/15/tech-companies-to-trump-travel-ban-still-sucks/ …	0
the real parallel between hitler and trump    …	0
house intelligence chair can’t find evidence to support trump’s wiretapping claim    …	0
no evidence of wire tap claim. can i sue trump for deliberately lying to me?	0
@ avflight west - willow run    …	0
they're protesting climate change.	0
lmao at     people, he's doing exactly what you were told he'd do. this shouldn't be a surprise.	0
check out my broadcast from my playstation 4!             live at  outu.be/u6hklrxxu14	0
that was fun to fill out	0
he's just the biggest loser ever	0
wait til the protesters arrive-we're gonna eat 'me alive!	0
are you joking??	0
is what matters. who isn't in violation of emolument clause in the whole admin?	0
just rachel haters who prob love   she's the best!!	0
it's really funny or scary that some   fanatics don't realize his health proposal will cause them&their loved ones 2lose care?	0
i wish   would build that wall and put himself on the other side of it!  leave america and make it great again!	0
made in america by americans is that what you say     soooo explain please.	0
why isnt this song trending    …	0
can watch you on tv all day (because you have a successful acting career) but i rather follow you on   because	0
this little experiment in insanity known as the trump administration has gone on too long. enough already	0
this is a cruel and mean thing to do. grateful my elderly aunt who depended on this service passed	0
will he ever learn that we the people will not stand for any ban that discriminates? i  judiciary !!	0
stop: lying, going to fl, hiring cronies that don't know shit, pissing off our allies, and tweeting	0
i had to blocked a pro-trump idiot after making nasty comments about	0
i'm not irish but i stand with you 100%.               pic.twitter.com/rbfewjql0i	0
i hate y'all orange faced half ass president.	0
i know alot of republicans on meals and wheels now trump is going to slash that program !! wonder how they feel now!!   is an azz	0
everything that makes this country great and he will tear it apart for personal gain.	0
yet you are helping leftliberals hashtag (  trend higher.  good job!  try to weave   into next tweet pls	0
good morning         pic.twitter.com/rjzh3elefs	0
in your opinion, how's donald doing?	0
as harsh as this cut to the arts is, it's the environment, meals on wheels and education we will be most damaged by.	0
and enough said	0
disgusting. border residents don't want it. i don't want it. won't keep america 'safer'. ridiculous waste of time & $$.	0
phony president!	0
anyone else think this first months of trump presidency is the worst you have seen in your lifetime?  jeez.	0
even dogs hate trump!          @ the white house	0
give the hacker then a standing ovation	0
they should keep the nuclear goo where it was made and stop making it	0
$16b for a massive wall!! why is winter coming? white-walkers are marching!?	0
alright alright alright.	0
r.i.p. pbs.                       pic.twitter.com/bra1pfs9h6	0
we have lost our soul.  building up a military we don't need while cutting meals on wheels which the elderly rely upon to live.	0
this makes me feel so much better. real reality. excuse me while i reread this 100 times.         …	0
it's funny when even   mocks        pic.twitter.com/k3skztnuwf	0
roses are red, violets are blue. hawaii blocked the   now you're 0-2.   pic.twitter.com/w3ssypov6r	0
i mean, i don't blame her, i wouldn't want to live with him either, but i'd have never married for $.	0
well it's going to be a lovefest when trump hits pennsylvania ave!	1
voters  we that get u- love you trump	1
colorado "do over" "done right"! who's watching now?	1
hi   thanks for joining me!	1
live from west chester, pa streaming on	1
.  if see truth now, no violence needed cleveland. watch trends of moment for solutions.	1
.  what true pilgrims would leave women home to fight? abuse, rape em' make em' angry fighters	1
you are confusing my seething hatred of hillary as love for trump.  saying i feel   as you say...	1
live! from hagerstown, md	1
enjoying my   cohost   express his   on	1
no drugs, no alcohol, no cigarettes.	1
i love	1
streaming live!    in harrington, de	1
exposes bush crime family's scheme, gripping presidential dynasty thru corruption    hetrumpreport.com/2016/04/22/the-trump-report-the-myth-of-american-democracy/ …	1
was judge scalia knocked off so obama & killery could pursue faster track to gun control? some think so!	1
.  we don't need to hear from   on your show. he spews enough of his   on his own shows.	1
plays good cop bad cop, accuses cruz of a lack of integrity and then says cruz got defensive. cruz calls him on his	1
ocean city/berlin, maryland	1
it's there for you to read, but in your blind   you cannot.	1
indianapolis, in!  going back to indiana!	1
's choice for face on the $20 bill -   not	1
i bet you are disappointed its not	1
. it's 4-20 but the only high i'm getting today is from all the	1
lost it. he finally let his   overtake his ability to reason and use logic. not conservative.	1
does the anthony cumia network got some beef with stitcher? would like to enjoy ur podcasts bro minus the   shit	1
breaking!!!:    jumps the shark!	1
sean, are you telling me that you are incapable of explaining it to your listeners?	1
of course!!  we are all together in this fight. thank you for sharing!!	1
had to move outside because of the stench of eric bolling's	1
it's	1
about time! as long as his integrity doesn't go to highest bidder for swayed results. honesty please!	1
our gov, so many lies backed up w/fake docs & no docs, failed our constitution ... watch video. our fault	1
look at buffalo!!!    witter.com/scottlunn/status/722233413659422721 …	1
exactly how banks did foreclosures. elites are in this scheme. report: saudis threaten us! a faux report	1
awesomeness!!     witter.com/realtacoking25/status/722169893504688128 …	1
.  holy crap, you're not listening to his radio show are you? ->    sean is committing career-suicide with his	1
you have to wonder if breitbart and drudge might be rethinking the   about now	1
feel the     witter.com/politicaltart/status/721843431559942145 …	1
final hour, vote and retweet!!!!	1
love it! feel the	1
hartford, ct	1
yep...don't watch   anymore.  twitter has quicker info without	1
i wish   was in this hillary/bernie debate brawl. i miss his antics and tone.	1
i know you worry about your   small hands but the problem is in his jeans. it's jeanettic.	1
...truth doesn't matter i see, unless of course it fits your narrative. try to see him without the   in your eyes.	1
when .  is openly spanking you on   .  it's time to reevaluate   &	1
yes!   is gathering the awake & hooking us up in the "global brain" changing world with truth.	1
thank you just when i thought i couldnt possibly love the trump family more 2nites town hall left more room 4	1
so much love among this movement. everyone sticking together, defending each other. in real life and on social media.	1
serious warning about our   these guys are to be commended, whoever they are.	1
marco will be silent but hispanic...i rather have the love girl in utah. black conservative	1
the negativity towards your father is so incredible, he clearly molded a very respectable father.	1
from millions upon millions of women voters.   paid off by globalists want you to believe otherwise	1
got actual data yet or just more campaign speak with no evidence to back it up?	1
whatever you say, i only have 23 years of experience researching these kinds of things. you win	1
i think   is subtweeting   and   here. not sure.	1
trump needs a running mate that can win	1
mia love   running mate	1
needs a running mate that can help us win the hearts of america   mia love	1
so at what point is thai to be a big victory for cruz? 10 points,,,12 points,,, 15 points? you're showing serious   here.	1
pennsylvania!!!!    witter.com/dginca4trump/status/717419323900305408 …	1
welcoming illegal immigrants with teddy bears and soccer balls	1
brilliant spread the	1
we have	1
this is true	1
this is a great story!       trump: shell open champ, ex-employee jim herman!   sat.ly/1mmm9sh  via	1
chalk it up to	1
you better hope those 7 women vote. 12 out of 10 men will vote just to keep hillary out.	1
take your   &	1
uh-oh! where does all the white rage go when trump loses?    … eau claire	1
loves women	1
oh yea, cruz once week for 10 mins out of 4 hrs a day. the other 19 hrs 50 mins full o	1
i've got far more respect for, and confidence in   than i do for	1
there's a lot more to   but media try to cover it up. keep sharing!	1
love this mix!	1
this awesome we need to share these   images	1
hey, you found me, i stopped clicking on your site because all your	1
"i love people.  i love so many people they call me the love machine."	1
in fact, you've been an infuriatingly evenhanded burst of   spasms followed by eruptions of    witter.com/noltenc/status/715300075086475265 …	1
imo, a result of   foolish   is rise in objectivity of other networks.	1
much and well wishes.                   witter.com/jaredwyand/status/715201062085337088 …	1
do what the people want or there will be no party.	1
< wasted twitter space<. calling all   please show them	1
witter.com/ricky_vaughn99/status/714964311240785924 …	1
outu.be/ssi0uj1b0ym       this will really make you cry after you know the story!	1
witter.com/drudge_report_/status/714953743712784384 …	1
this pic makes me feel patriotic again its been a long long time	1
boston women who loves trump!	1
congratulations to basher al assad and vladimir putin for freeing palmyra form isis terrorism.glorious victory.	1
igbysblog.blogspot.com/2016/03/somebody-will-pay-believe-it-by.html?utm_source=twitterfeed&utm_medium=twitter … via	1
outu.be/a5_5t9y4gd4  must watch! best video of mr. trump ever made so far.	1
there is talk about building a   in the ocean.	1
thank you new york!!!	1
the system is broken here in america, hence the   !!	1
top3 gop hashtags on twitter in north carolina for   over last 24h:      .mp/usa2016	1
his problem isn't misogyny. his all-purpose rudeness, while off-putting, does fly in face of identity politics. thus	1
okay so now we know you insult and are too weak to stand up and admit you did it. it exolains your	1
weak love is not love.it's cowardice. we need     now.	1
so let's sum up another day of    90k+ tweets of    78% of women do not like	1
.  hurry back! can't stand   with   and his	1
beautiful mother and son         witter.com/repmom2/status/712777752554840067 …	1
feel the   pic.twitter.com/zlmuqnzuuu	1
look at them! they're eyes as black as their hearts! no humanity left there.	1
we are very excited. millions of thanks to all in arizona. love is in the air go team trump.	1
.  amen but it's all about media ratings and ads. watch last night's   trevor exposed msm   = $$$	1
thank you sheriff arpaio! it was a beautiful day with beautiful people	1
crippled america: how to make america great again      …	1
trump rallies are not hostile events. take a confederate flag sign into another rally.. see what happens.	1
&   go together like peas & carrots !           witter.com/vivalaames/status/711580267966693376 …	1
your   is like a lack of faith in the force, disturbing.	1
witter.com/vivalaames/status/711580267966693376 …	1
witter.com/vivalaames/status/711580267966693376 …	1
most american love trump. a few possible non-voters i.e. legal citizens .. lashdaily.com/2016/03/dear-trump-haters-the-more-you-protest-trump-the-stronger-he-becomes/ …	1
drop a   on  lets jam the fed with    witter.com/trumpinatorspks/status/711310201022906369 …	1
i'm one person away from 3000   supporters following me.  thank you very much.	1
looks like   getting   in     by the numbers!	1
awesome totally awesome    witter.com/neilturner_/status/711209250182307840 …	1
people from all walks of life support trump. soon all will see how wonderful a leader he is. lovetrump	1
vote	1
the best train ever lined with gold perle diamond n love.	1
indiana is full of	1
sadly, have lost much respect for hannity. his   is just over the top.	1
"i'd like to punch him in the face" and "you can't rape your spouse" according to	1
it's undeniable   smitten	1
a dating site for trump supporters would probably be moderately profitable	1
oh wow! thought u didn't tweet anymore? oops!	1
i can't wait for    to unleash on   .	1
pass it on!	1
everytime   stops talking, that stupid smirk is annoying!!! is it just me?	1
has never "looked into it." he bases all this opinions on "what "someone kinda told him."	1
great that you were feeling   <3	1
usa! usa! usa! usa!	1
outu.be/i6ptmgsakno	1
please welcome this new trump voter!  she is 102 years old!!!    please retweet!  she will get a kick !!	1
comes to rescue of a sick 3yr old boy!! this is	1
every single candidate speaks about trump even both on the dem side..."they" are scared	1
supporters of hate & racism, inequality and scaremongering.	1
freedom of speech is now a sin ?	1
to all	1
have to take little break - please keep tweeting!!! wrists are tired! carry on with	1
i see the strength of the   movement today as people are helping to tweet non stop for our country!!	1
mark ruffalo will push berniewheelchair to office(age)	1
you just keep believing naively what the propagandist media wants you to think	1
thanks for the	1
yes i followed back.	1
me too.   is a unifier.	1
was awesome in bloomington il. we told   protestors to   it was	1
witter.com/danscavino/status/709105674282786816 …	1
its time for politics as usual to end!!!! show   your	1
outu.be/vdt14ial_pc    calls out   on their double standard.	1
any way to find out who he is and send him some   ?  witter.com/wdfx2eu/status/708501296068694016 …	1
&   chose wrong.	1
hey!   i side with trump!	1
**terrorist bragging! wanna show the terrorist some   look----> witter.com/younglionking7	1
live stream: donald trump rally in dayton, oh (3-12-16)          outu.be/4lh2vuan384	1
we have   for our country & are   peacefully one vote at a time!	1
wow this is horrible to say!	1
moveon        & other groups started this anti   rally! such a shame!  im	1
says what 95% of you really think but are afraid to express because youre brainwashed by the establishment	1
loves u   hes our prez even if u hate him hell make u great again!	1
hey illinois!! take your state back tuesday! think. trump. vote. win. heal   .     …”	1
come on, john, your   makes it so hard to listen to.   where's ur unbiased view?	1
why are u still judging? no one asked for your endorsement.	1
hannity didn't tweet 100 times about it. weird.	1
awesome!	1
you bet!!!	1
he'll find a way to excuse it.	1
seriously, another trump infomercial?! sponsored by hannity via fox news. disgusted!	1
you've gone from mormon to hater, sir. shame on you.	1
another precious pic!!	1
that's know as   -	1
best father in the world	1
i think he actually was in ms today.  i am voting   but carry on with your   while i throw up...	1
needs to finally show some	1
wont matter	1
disgusting!  then he denied it and scrambled the recording!	1
show your	1
honk if you  trump!	1
please run adds to counter act            really bad	1
thank you   for being one of the few   that hasn't been corrupted by   e.g.	1
i enjoy looking at pictures of donald trump and just wishing i had that man.	1
left wing liberal commentator for   .....no, wait!! well, maybe he should be?!	1
00percentfedup.com/dear-rnc-an-everyday-american-writes-a-letter-to-explain-the-trump-phenomenon-to-the-washington-elite/ …	1
romney just bashed him like a standard politician.  will add fuel to	1
i adore all of the   from the   on twitter!  can i get an amen!	1
i bet   can hear all the way to	1
and now alaska for cruz is trending and the why is simple   will cost the gop the wh, senate & supreme court in a	1
do you know how to piss off a texan? tell them if you cut ak in half tx would be 3rd largest state. thanks for the	1
well said!	1
lets hope   decides to bring you in to clean up the crime wave	1
hey wassup my nigga i hope u have a great campaign hmu for plans on spring break	1
lets make it a super trump tuesday	1
let's do it!!!!	1
it's more   than   from what i can tell.	1
yes, we know this to be the truth ! thus the   !	1
they just dont get it trump supporters r	1
go texas go trump u r yuge 2 the future of america fuel this train lets steam roll into dc nomore this is r	1
is in the air  my favorite rays of sunshine	1
spring,   and love is in the air       witter.com/drjamescabot/status/704293787888017409 …	1
what a beautiful thing to say!	1
that's awesome! thank you for working hard to	1
i am       done my research and know what's best for my country :-)	1
great picture!!!!	1
wow, she didn't really have a chance before, now, she's done! usa usa!!	1
he just showed the world exactly what trump lovers have known all along!!     !!	1
oh my!    just said   totally awesome!	1
bring it home on tuesday alabama!!!	1
your son, don jr. just did you proud!!!	1
…       =	1
if i have to do it myself	1
our next president!!	1
and the leg continues to tingle.  surprised you still have any feeling in it.	1
he's found someone else to talk at. i can't bear it.	1
he loves the poorly educated. how sweet.	1
i am convinced that my girlfriend has a secret crush on donald trump	1
you have zero credibility	1
unbelievable! or would be in any other election cycle, what in the world…?	1
you are so in the tank that any pretense at dispassionate and/or objective analysis is futile and embarrassing.	1
you and your brother and sister a true testimony's to your dad's character go	1
how about investigative reporting? got any   greta?   how about stop the   ?	1
love!!!	1
whoo hoo!  a much better pick!!!	1
lawd i go out of town & y'all railroad   timeline. cruz & rubio supporters dislike the   ummm he gave them airtime too...	1
and yet today on   you didn't pursue these issues.	1
holy smokes! that's what i call a rally!	1
i love that the trump family train is getting longer and longer.  it's a beautiful thing!	1
say it with me trump! trump! trump!!!!! america loves trump!!!   all aboard	1
glad you switched over, daniel.  we are like a big family and now you're part of it!     witter.com/treyton422/status/701458885169774597 …	1
could u have been any more transparent? u softball interview trump & rubio then unleash attack videos on cruz.	1
we do!	1
ha probably bc   made him unable to count. trump's ceiling seems to be 33, as others get out, he's done	1
listening to you reminds me of a song (stand by your man) trump. poor baby, you ok...	1
mine too!  ordered my hat today!!!!	1
wonderful leigh ann!!	1
the god's truth!!!	1
i'm not watching anymore, but it's good to read joe is still an asshole w/his stupid pope francis comments	1
why no fact check on trump? i waited all night to see it!!!	1
needs to show some	1
has become unhinged over his   he can't get his lips off   posterior.	1
joe can't logically defend his   without going apeshit.    witter.com/popventing/status/700298129426538496 …	1
if you want to hear stupid on steroids listen to some of these   republicans talk about their	1
sientete afortunada	1
i have a bleedin opinion about f**kin everything, trust me. i'm right.	1
donald trump faces obstacles to resuming waterboarding  yti.ms/2gcmets	0
respects!>	0
…	0
good, a shame we can't ban him from the us	0
delta airlines apologizes after trump supporter’s rant on plane goes viral	0
thank you for promoting policy not	0
if you're a   supporter, we still need to stand together to	0
maybe together we can   if you're a   supporter but don't support racism...then	0
and now i'm crying. thank you, good human.	0
this is the america we're going back to... the days of   are now	0
mosques get threatening letters: trump will ‘do to you muslims what hitler did to the jews’	0
thank you    we need you	0
letter to california mosque threatens "cleanse" starting with muslims - cbs news	0
letters to california mosques praise trump, promise genocide	0
wtf...the "conspiracy theory" is real! google maps has trump tower labeled as dump tower.         …	0
no     person was not white we be   land     or does     ?	0
about time!	0
have you checked how much he's made on book deals, speaking engagements? or do you just want to pump	0
is a   lied 74% of the time	0
he's one ugly dude!                   42	0
i don't get so many of the   instead of hating & watching minorities, why not try to better themselves & their position?	0
i reckon, the rate of people that will convert to islam because of this will be absolutely immense before 2020.	0
white-collar supremacy  yti.ms/2fyyhpe	0
it's "united we stand" not "divided we stand."	0
once-comic pepe the frog has been declared a hate symbol  apo.st/2dcdyrj?tid=ss_tw …	0
breitbart isn’t ‘just a publication.’ it’s a pestilence.  po.st/mlzg2	0
another murder.     kills.   gone.      b.me/46fzm0qcb	0
send email now through  sktheelectors.org  to    &   for	0
honestly i read some articles and i instantly get halfway and i ask myself: who really cares about this topic?	0
you own this .  you preaching 'hate' for a year, you opened this can of worms.	0
not even pretending to     is the swamp selling out america for profit	0
smallhands	0
its unacceptable for this     to be trusted as a first responder.	0
trump disavows alt-right group: 'i condemn them'... uh oh, now what ya'll gonna   about now?	0
pic.twitter.com/zeywgeuvdo	0
pic.twitter.com/zwp4l7xkkr	0
i voted for   like most of the country!	0
the fact that   in   has so much   it proves they have no idea how ordinary   live	0
no one should be surprised at anything   does or anyone   appoints.   obama is.	0
no. he doesn't. until bannon is out, he has not disavowed.  it's a con. a lie.	0
respectful,"	0
alt-right exults in donald trump’s election with a salute: ‘heil victory’, via	0
huge fan 4ever plz stop with the    we  like kids throwin tantrums to keep going on about it	0
part of   philosophy by the owner?	0
hatred towards a man of god.    …	0
'trump hate', mr. president-elect. show the people you will not tolerate bigotry of any kind.	0
tell trump: fire steve bannon.  etitions.moveon.org/s/nep4ul	0
sen. sessions has a history of contested positions on   demand congress review all of it:    …	0
almost two weeks later...          …	0
cc         they seem to love him!	0
yep. he meant all of it.	0
a liberals idea of diversity.	0
donald trump's pick for national security adviser loves to stoke islamophobia	0
pic.twitter.com/qtg5pjh92a	0
thanks              witter.com/shaunking/status/800473118087270400 …	0
.  you own this. this is the world you are creating.   shameful.    witter.com/shaunking/status/800473118087270400 …	0
picks out scuzzy example of america & spins they're representative to push bbc's anti usa   message	0
more taxpayer subsidised hard left bbc   politics pretending to be comedy	0
horrific leadership that you tweet on   and   but silent on   anti hate protest.	0
marketing idea: pump anti-psychotics into the red state water supply.	0
sad times!	0
“beastie boys host 'stand up against hate' rally in adam yauch park”	0
via   'we're not going away': alt-right leader on voice in administration  .pr/2fjran4    &   =	0
bigot mistakes woman’s headscarf for hijab and tells her to ‘get the f*ck out’ of america  reakoutnation.com/2016/11/bigot-mistakes-womans-headscarf-for-hijab-and-tells-her-to-get-the-fck-out-of-america/ …	0
really? maybe i put on my   goggle on, but give me an example.	0
check out some   at    .	0
numerous. you must be scared that you're toxic and alone.	0
no, it's    and americans will	0
white nationalists celebrate ‘an awakening’ after trump’s victory - the new york times   bearing fruit	0
trump supporters read real butthurt liberals tweets	0
maybe to the secret service.	0
pic.twitter.com/ipiayaihhc	0
welcome to trump's america.  you'd think i'd be used to it by now, but it's still as sickening as ever.	0
pope francis decries 'epidemic of animosity' toward minorities	0
it's not jim, we must never give in to         trump & his cronies will use	0
via   swastikas are painted at adam yauch park in nyc — but kids win the day  .pr/2fpwr1q . love finds a way to	0
n.is/people.com/crime/skpam …  old miserable fuks.. destroy	0
trump supporters attacked an elderly gay man     …	0
swastikas, ‘go trump’ graffitied on playground in brooklyn heights    …	0
anybody boycotting   actually want to go see the show? afford the show? a typical trump voter cannot do either.	0
are you kidding?  it was a plea. .. not	0
trump appointees endorsed link between islam and radicalism  oliti.co/2fni8wg      welcomes	0
jewish cemetery in orange county assaulted by nazi graffiti  udsonvalleynewsnetwork.com/2016/11/13/jewish-cemetery-orange-county-assaulted-nazi-graffiti/ …	0
watch the ‘hamilton’ cast deliver a powerful message 2 mike pence	0
i can relate i have a pit in my stomach my biracial 14 yr old granddaughter has become a victim of   scary	0
yes. also, no point in hurting trump because we'll be stuck with pence. we probably will be anyway in the future.	0
i said this before trump was elected, never believing he would be. very, very scary!	0
the nra is a hate group. they go hand in hand with trump.	0
left logic             .redd.it/hnz78l7hwgyx.jpg …	0
[sign] leaders in the business community can make a commitment to refrain from sponsoring a trump-led rnc  .shpg.org/245788144t?referring_akid=.495199.7zgzjh …	0
awww, that's heartbreaking!    is this our future country under   ?        !!	0
announced a bias hotline # for anyone in nys to report a   put it in your phones. 1 888 392 3644.   is here.	0
tweet all you want people. no one listens. no one cares. trump will prevail no matter what. make america hate again. so sad.	0
'save the white race' fliers surface on asu tempe campus	0
hate crimes against children on the increase since   election	0
recommended we all register as 'muslim' if   goes ahead with his muslim registry. good idea.	0
african-american kid told to go back to the cotton farm. ugh.	0
it's time for another	0
poway students, staff have been bullied since election, superintendent says  ox5sandiego.com/2016/11/16/poway-unified-schools-respond-to-post-election-bullying-claims/ …	0
hatred against women.	0
all trump voters gave tacit approval to   &   whether they're racist, sexist bigots or not, they're ok w/ trump being one.	0
more     & love for greenpeace   &  lefty whiners pretending to be an arts show	0
nyc & nys have announced both will be safe spaces against   proud to participate in my safe space!	0
goes right along with    witter.com/mattyglesias/status/799427039501619202 …	0
when trump tours only the states he won, that really says i want to be every american's president.	0
especially for an excellent cause.	0
is really squeezing every drop of   they can out of   haven't seen any staff talk   about	0
has just started. it will get worse. stand with persecuted people.	0
best regram ever!	0
really interesting concept	0
lets start the   hashtag like   protest!   will not be tolerated. ask	0
should address t/nation about t/hate crimes. oh right he won't cause he's racist	0
not normal, never normal!	0
i'm so angry and upset at this.        witter.com/shaunking/status/799260727911546880 …	0
witter.com/shaunking/status/799279345718149121 …	0
the wave of post-election hate reportedly sweeping the nation, explained          … via	0
lovely sound of a morning dove gifts me a song this precious morning & moment 2 continue 2   we are just getting started	0
maga brown shirts on their way from jyna. meanwhile,     supporters, we are just getting started to	0
apt for   a jewish american student calls on all citizens to   and stand against	0
this is what   bannon and   brought out in our country. this cannot stand.	0
to   protesters at   : which of these   cover girls and moms did your sign ask to be raped? oh.	0
racist graffiti found at alpha phi alpha conference   yfox8.com/2016/11/16/racist-graffiti-found-near-historically-black-fraternity-conference/ …	0
dear muslims, non-whites, and lgbtq+: i swear here and now to stand up for you until the bitter end if need be.	0
here's how you can   in toronto -  it.ly/2fzhvtl	0
fake hate: leftist students painted swastika and “trump” on campus church  har.es/1i9hfn  via	0
warren to trump: you are breaking promises on our appointments to your transition team     …	0
writer explains why ‘it’s no longer safe’ to wear a headscarf since   election  w.ly/u8tw306evqo      pic.twitter.com/anayeyu9p1	0
school system is now becoming just as segregated and hostile an environment as the prison system, is nothing sacred?     witter.com/shaunking/status/798964187808595971 …	0
call this guy and order a meal to be delivered to a homeless person	0
video of every single murder of a citizen by law enforcement should be made available to all of us -- especially given	0
basically the start of 'nuremberg laws' mark 2. this time proposed by trump and aimed at muslims.	0
cc	0
pic.twitter.com/nxlqaz8hse	0
another story about this one:     …	0
fremont, ca is a very mixed town. someone broke the window of the car and left this note.	0
southern lehigh parents decry racist slurs, bullying;district outlines plans 2 combat bias  w.to/yvdagqc	0
will america now have a pravda?  oliti.co/2fyongr	0
is who trump is & the people who voted for him new exactly what they were getting! shame on america!	0
ironically just saw the show and was googling ar-15s 2 hr ago, cause   needs more than   also,	0
are now a bunch of   filled with   i just threw mine out! along with	0
horrible!  let everyone be who they are. if they are like pence, people should have common sense not to vote them into office.	0
pic.twitter.com/3nulper7tu	0
andrew bunting 703 993 2400	0
n.is/  …	0
a male trump supporter punched a woman eating dinner in the face    … via  this is what   leads to	0
"when they go low we go high".	0
trump can't make america great with hate!	0
office of the speaker h-232 the capitol washington, d.c. 20515  paul ryan's address. print your experience with   & mail to him/2	0
why dont       never report clintons saudi connections, & kkk endorsements ?      …	0
white supremacists     supporters marching.	0
only interested in pushing more   & not explaining how racist democrats sold out working class usa	0
travels to canada	0
great news !!!matt harrigan, packetsled ceo, resigns over trump assassination threat	0
vetting of cabinet asks about anything that may     mean that's possible??	0
has arrived all over america.             will not keep any promises.	0
the people united will never be defeated!       @ stanford university	0
on   begins! official in   on leave after        w.to/opdktqm	0
mt   gwen ifill ran out of   tweets .. she was literally doing it as recently as 10-21-16 smh  witter.com/kincannon_show/status/798239763924942848 …	0
last night some dudes called me a fag. same thing happened the year obama was elected. guess i just look like a fag	0
this is what it's come to.	0
police let kkk members go on stabbing rampage against protesters in california  ountercurrentnews.com/2016/02/kkkmembers-go-on-rampage-against-protesters-in-california/ …	0
suspended officer who displayed confederate flag resigns. should've been fired.    …	0
swastika spray-painted on brooklyn sidewalk in ‘heart of the jewish area’     …	0
pic.twitter.com/mbrm7lhtqn	0
welcome to	0
is taking out his   on	0
there should never be a sorry accepted for this. no coming back from a remark like this. none!	0
so much heart for my la hometown. "they tried to bury us, but they didn't know we were seeds."	0
… it's not the content, but the fact someone in that position thinks it's ok to say it publicly	0
‘turn on the hate’: steve bannon at the white house, via   the headline says it all	0
trump in the white house: an interview with noam chomsky.	0
how to reconcile with family and friends after the election - the wall street journal   vs	0
calls to lgbt suicide prevention hotlines double after donald trump win    …	0
muslim kids being asked to go back to mexico.	0
in walmart, of course.	0
pope francis calls out religious right for supporting trump  rofire.com/2016/11/12/pope-francis-calls-religious-right-supporting-trump/ … via   the   &	0
if you don't denounce it you're for it!	0
cc	0
why does     never report clintons $millions, saudi connections, & kkk endorsements ?      …	0
even turns on   who support him  apparently, being a   diminishes ur   even if ur    .huffpost.com/us/entry/us_58297fe7e4b0c4b63b0d47d1 …?	0
i'm  done with google's propaganda.   google chrome           …	0
11-year-old severely beaten for supporting trump during mock election at school         ilo.yiannopoulos.net/2016/11/11-year-old-beaten-supporting-trump/ …	0
wisconsin u bans nooses...   …   for you	0
pic.twitter.com/mhzpkkoptm	0
esta señora me hizo llorar. otra vez     nstagram.com/p/bmzobudan_j/	0
and away we go! anti-hate groups erupt over trump's latest hire:  ol.it/2frkqb0  via	0
silver spring church vandalized with pro-trump racist message	0
good luck                        witter.com/mattyglesias/status/798220308075388928 …	0
bsn.ws/2g8bvau  when 60 minutes asks about african americans' & muslims' fear, trump says it's built up by the press.	0
i love chuckie!	0
pic.twitter.com/rn5igubxax	0
scary! using a symbol of solidarity for unity & peace as a tool to target more hate & violence. be careful out there!	0
amazing all the ppl donating to planned parenthood in   name. he hates lgbt even more pls also consider trevor project	0
electoral college voters, say no to    dec 19th!!!!	0
de la renommée vous êtes bien mal embouchées... (fallait oser!)   outu.be/vksvl5wbfia  via	0
another church. apparent trump-related vandalism at silver spring church.    …	0
~ ikr...   is like...bye, felecia!	0
new fbi report confirms spike in hate crimes               …	0
why dont      discuss the nonstop antiwhite male racism & sexism of bbc   ?	0
pic.twitter.com/zwh6tz8x8r	0
this is not ok! stop this	0
sigh, folks, this guy keeps ducking the crucial questions.     no truth here that i can discern.	0
i'm so fucking exhausted of my everyday existence getting constantly gaslighted by the president elect.	0
i find it incredibly fucked up that he claimed the hate crimes were media manipulation when they are happening to people i know.	0
since   doesn't "believe" that hate crimes r happening against muslims/brownz, can everyone tweet him all of them?	0
ure a sockpuppet, yeah?? o.0                    witter.com/joeturner212/status/797998987450019840 …	0
exactly angela...the sadness in my heart grows as the   team grows.	0
been sharing   with friends       needs to be seen/documented & shared	0
these particular trump supporters sure sound like they're filled with, um, economic anxiety.	0
...119 vs 911...           @ jakarta, indonesia	0
note to   re   and   : please try and have an original thought,   needs a return on his investment.	0
shits hitting the fan even more, and he's anti semitic	0
country	0
f*ck godwin. we actually have a nazi in the white house.	0
can't be great when the president hates	0
if i told you for years i was an arsonist, don’t be shocked when i burn down your house	0
dear friends trying to convince me trump’s not racist, your argument just became much more difficult.	0
just launched the new website. listen to the podcast and follow!	0
mentally-ill effeminate men who wear women's bras & knickers always touch a nerve with normal people	0
‘you’re an ugly little pig’:bay area woman launches racist rant at iranian-born us citizen    …	0
how can kushner abide the anti-semitism that is on display in the country, let alone agree with the appointment of bannon.	0
and yes, one can be radically anti-racist and a metal fan. and it allows you to know yr enemy.	0
en mass down 5th ave vs.   yes, that's right we're   and   no racist, sexist, anti-gay	0
i'm afraid of ryan, too!  who related to trump could calm anyone?  that's the problem.	0
to my friends who voted for trump & claim they aren't racist -  o.shr.lc/2ezwugc  via     and trump voters	0
oklahoma student suspended for sending racist messages to black freshmen  reakoutnation.com/2016/11/oklahoma-student-suspended-for-sending-racist-messages-to-black-freshmen/ … trumpsamerica	0
nyc mobilized and taking the streets against	0
we're speaking up and stepping you:   and beat back the the racist, homophobic, sexist, anti-immigrant attack.	0
the people united, will never be defeated!	0
and   think hate speech like this is good and american and see no reason to speak against it.     witter.com/returnofrv/status/797734122601021440 …	0
change is inevitable. i change myself to show love for your hate.	0
i agree.  & what moron didn't see that coming with all of the	0
watch chimamanda ngozi adichie tell it like it is          … via	0
assassination threat	0
if we can accomplish that as the people of this nation, we truly can make america great.	0
and american media:	0
wow check out today's star-ledger political cartoon	0
post-election spate of hate crimes worse than post-9/11, experts say  sat.ly/2flgicf	0
witter.com/ladyjdance/status/796398956351725568 …	0
you can’t sit with us, ivanka -	0
reports of racist graffiti, hate crimes post-election -	0
man reportedly threatens to torch woman in hijab at university of michigan	0
love trumps all	0
i'm far from a trumper, but they want to be nasty bullies, like their president elect.	0
i certainly can't argue with this.	0
solidarity for my sisters.	0
nooooo who say's trump breeds hate? couldn't be?       yet protesters are the bad guys here?	0
i don't believe hype about   mostly unjustified hysteria, taken out of context. the media fueled it.	0
because it isn't america. it is   and his amerikkka.	0
omg, am so sick of social media. so tired of people telling me that they can have their opinion, but devaluing mine.	0
i realize that now, but with a   on their bio it looked like it would only show one side	0
safety pin pledge may help calm fears in the wake of escalating hate  ay-chang.com/?p=5519	0
reporters don't deserve this kind of harassment because of their jobs.	0
'silicon valley' stars harassed by trump supporters in bar	0
not sure if cowardly attacks on ideas or financial well-being count for your list, but..	0
you got a hashtag for your list,	0
witter.com/callout4/status/797592058827538432 …	0
in this case, it's a huge group of compassionate, loving, righteous, inclusive americans that will make the difference against	0
i hate his policies, but i have never ever wished ill upon pres obama or his family. what's wrong with these liberal dimwits?	0
love trumps hate, but trump loves hate.	0
reading a lot of   stories, hate, racism & bigotry directed at minorities. wonder if   will see it apt to report?	0
thanks     until someone is killed  witter.com/shaunking/status/797477940703494144 …	0
love it!	0
this is not the moment: it's the movement.     @ 15th street–prospect park	0
of all the fake   stories, this has to be the fakest.	0
horrible.   muslim women & girls need to carry   & aim for those   eyes.  witter.com/shaunking/status/797538046904324096 …	0
countless acts of hate carried out since trump's win	0
a full investigation should move forward & if postal workers actions confirmed, he should be fired. no	0
man beaten, bystander yells 'you voted trump' - cnn	0
fab   front page today 12-11-16	0
wow. follow the thread on this.	0
i love the assumption that i don’t alread have a job.	0
here is an open letter to trump name if you like!  almost at 3 mil!	0
retweet if you like the truth.	0
i don't think i have ever really hated anyone.....until him.	0
is now spreading into   we will not allow this to happen!	0
sitting in a   parking lot w my louisville slugger waiting to respond to some   actually seems like a thing now.	0
witter.com/chris_weatherd/status/796384091260207104 …	0
let's take pictures of people like this. this time will pass but those pictures will immortalize hateful ppl showing true face.	0
its amazing how   are turning   into   this is a prime example. telling people to commit suicide because of  witter.com/cerebraldiva/status/796851154047135744 …	0
new rant.	0
threatening black people with a shotgun and shouts of n****r	0
"white power" "get out of here n****r"	0
little girls in schools getting grabbed.	0
seattle.	0
hindu students asked to leave.	0
…  ft.tt/2ftd6op	0
black freshmen at university of pennsylvania receive racist messages depicting lynchings	0
by     during     n	0
make a great thanksgiving photo	0
time for trump to speak out  rein your bigoted white voters in! no entitlement to abuse, assault anyone!	0
honored to be a special guest performer at   star tomorrow amongst other aapi creatives and talent. let's laugh, la.	0
get ready for protest the next 4 yrs	0
if u voted for   i sincerely hope his policies & actions will negatively impact u or your family & friends so u understand.	0
it's so easy that   elites can drama queen their   when their lives would never be affected by hrc policies!	0
i think the left wing politics also does this	0
trump is already starting to blame the media again. do u people who voted for him realize the danger u have put this country in?	0
is this making america great?	0
only push   & ignore clintons leftard hatefilled criminal usa   protesting against democracy	0
another night that i can't go out because my mom fears for my safety due the poor temperament of others...	0
vallejo, ca. a teacher asking a latina student when she is leaving.  anfrancisco.cbslocal.com/2016/11/11/vallejo-teacher-allegedly-asks-latina-student-about-leaving-the-country-after-trump-win/ …	0
more   going on....  witter.com/hautedamn/status/797197160597114881 …	0
in my country we called what the   protesters are doing"medicine after death"	0
who has the majority in america trump or clinton cos the   protesters look like majority,where were they?	0
in dallas.    …	0
is a time to remember that we fought for our freedom rights. my family fought for this not what is happening now	0
now is when the real work begins	0
the real   with   showing  them self.	0
thanks   for supporting this hatred	0
any excuse not to tip, methinks.	0
thank you to those who have served our country!	0
today in grenada hills	0
we will never be silenced. and neither will you.	0
this is why i supported     =	0
protests are planned tonight and we will be present. if you encounter any hateful rhetoric, violence, or bullying tweet it to us!	0
great....so if we have to flee, you live where again?? hawaii is the safest place in 2b to avoid	0
did you catch the well-educated arsnosist mbeke mbongo yet? he must me in the yellow pages...	0
i don´t get it. alla theese well-educated hillary supporters just have a lot of free time to riot, burn and loot? that´s odd.	0
shocked by   on trump. just mad   full of   knowing nothing about him. shame on   for such imbalance!	0
“elections have consequences, we won, get over it.” – barack hussein obama, jan 23rd 2009  best quote of the week!!!!	0
in indiana.	0
even in colleges now.	0
my heart is breaking more and more	0
trump-friendly buildings. "good decent white people" only.	0
if u are a white supremacist & think that   as president will make it ok for your hate, think again. i'll stand up to you!	0
trump picks anti-lgbt hate group to run domestic policy transition  mericablog.com/2016/11/trump-picks-anti-lgbt-hate-group-run-domestic-policy-transition.html …	0
leading this protest was one of the proudest moments ever.	0
yep..but let's see if the media really reports it ..they are quick when reports of   comes out..when it's retracted...not so much  witter.com/yablt/status/796974044696354817 …	0
make america great again  w.ly/u9ra3065bqa  n and publicly denounce hate!	0
.  .  .  .  day 1 in trump’s america.       .	0
i would like to be in a population that is neglected (by this i mean ignored) by	0
countless acts of hate have been carried out since trump's win	0
thanks for helping elect	0
did you vote for   like your daddy???	0
the amount of hatred that's already surfaced is sickening. it's sad to see america go back in time.	0
can we get a # to report violence done explicitly by trump supporters?   ?why won't he say anything against it?	0
continues   for    ff-guardian.org/2016/11/11/huffington-post-continues-campaigning-for-hillary-clinton/ …	0
i've narrowed down my must donate list: keeping my monthly with       and   b/c we need fact based news.	0
so it begins	0
.  reports that   republican candidates who backed trump were punished at the polls.	0
calls     who fueled his campaign with    sat.ly/2fixlnu  via	0
the whole thing is horrific.	0
eingindian.com/news/ahoy-trumps-america/ …	0
ok to recruit athletes with drunken prostitutes. not ok to speak truth on private twitter account.  need to   ky.	0
thank you,        everbpress.com/news/us/twitter-explodes-with-overt-racism-in-wake-of-trump-victory/ …	0
indeed high school kids started this whole thing,with others joining in.thanks for showing off   and intolerance,jerk	0
=	0
burn every pair of   run by a   and a	0
they promote sexual assaults	0
loling at these fools that say drumpf's victory was the silent majority winning when hills got 300,000 more votes.	0
the hate following trump's victory is horrific. i can't fathom denigrating others, threatening anyone for my personal enjoyment.	0
sad that the best part of a trump presidency is my kids are white,  male and canadian.	0
day 3 of            witter.com/aetiology/status/796956176265211905 …	0
trump’s anti-science campaign    … via   he knows so much more than the scientists	0
grad   &   pals incited this   right governor?	0
.  showed us when we come together we are stronger. dont give them reason to legitimize   organize and be vigilant!	0
s-stop   right? lmfao.	0
they prefer more direct messaging.	0
if i see any of this   i swear i will not be silent. i will speak up and i will not allow it in my presents.	0
i was speaking   on the phone a few min ago ... by     witter.com/i/moments/796898578388152320 …	0
witter.com/artsy_indy/status/796555943475576832 …	0
a racist trump supporter goes ballistic.    …	0
we now have vigilantes roaming texas. does this seem like 1900 again?    …	0
today i heard of a 4th incident of a child being intimidated by classmates b/c they were latino (us born).  reminds me of this...	0
this is a friend of a friend  mgur.com/a/nltxh	0
the       boycott the trump brand	0
have some respect and call a truce with the   until   is over... god bless america and stop your crap.	0
back of the bus? wow.	0
sexist whitemale   panel  - its what labour snp & bbc do best	0
incited   2 spend time energy and money 2 let   know he is	0
this is ridiculous. kindergarten???	0
too bad   for   trump =	0
the ku klux klan says it will hold a trump victory parade in north carolina.	0
they probably thought if the don can go around harassing women and get elected potus, let's do it even bigger and badder!	0
back to jail for these thugs. keep re-tweeting until the police lock them up. including the videoographer instagating them	0
i've quite watching 80%of   all of   because of the failure of our media.	0
unbelievable!  is this the new norm? “day 1 in trump's america” by	0
.  grew up with these people. some of extended family. minds full of mush and hate. they'll never understand.	0
melania got her legal status through h1b visa now he will kick all h1b visa workers out.	0
love this guy !!!	0
thank you for keeping america's eyes open to the	0
this is   america. his war cry is "kill, kill, kill"  be safe people!! trust no one!!	0
too funny not to repost after all the bullshit politics going on.    and	0
electoral college: make hillary clinton president on december 19!	0
share this with the police until these animals are in jail	0
done.  boycott these firms and any firms that now allow   and tell them about it.	0
alarming reports of hate crime and speech in wake of election -         …	0
probe underway of hate graffiti targeting muslim boe candidate    …	0
more   now in   thanks	0
does what bbc   does best -  stirs up hate among minorities to hate white men	0
when your mom doesn't want you to go out at night because she's afraid for your safety....	0
oh my god.   witter.com/shaunking/status/796752150827298821 …	0
witter.com/danrolle/status/796780314936737792 …	0
waiting on that   like...	0
i am sure this   will die down. then it would be	0
a list of pro-women, pro-immigrant, pro-earth, anti-bigotry organizations that need your support  ezebel.com/a-list-of-pro-women-pro-immigrant-pro-earth-anti-big-1788752078?utm_medium=sharefromsite&utm_source=jezebel_twitter …	0
noreservationswhatsoever!>	0
“groups brace for a spike in hate crimes following trump’s election”  hinkprogress.org/trump-hate-crimes-56b83616017e  …     thanks	0
only watched one news show since tues:   canceling viewing of other   & all of   i pray maddow shows her courage.	0
witter.com/shaunking/status/796754379370102784 …	0
gay man attacked hours after trump election win  etro.co.uk/2016/11/10/gay-man-attacked-hours-after-trump-election-win-6248329/ … via	0
kid i used to babysit, now 13, called a wetback in school & taunted w/ trump emails. he didn't know what it meant. now he does.	0
staying connected to the face of this choice by following   documenting acts of   this is real. real people's lives.	0
send this children back to their father	0
no more   just	0
today is better than yesterday. tomorrow is going to be amazing. don't stop fighting the good fight	0
give us all a break   -- almost as rabid as     gimme back my morning show!	0
but the   is spreading hate lol	0
how biased can one newspaper be today jeez louise	0
day 2       inciting hate across america & the world...    witter.com/shaunking/status/796664025748828160 …	0
i have a number of stories as well.everyday i will share   & we will never b silence 4 speaking out against it.protect free speech!	0
day 2     yup, def ashamed to be an american.   is inciting hate we haven't seen since jim crow	0
day 2     .. i'm starting to feel ashamed to be american ...	0
day 2	0
does what bbc   does best stirs up hate among minorities to	0
awful as it is, i wonder if it would be best if   started civil war now by refusing to leave office. 50% are with you obama.	0
hope he doesn't f*cks up	0
so many people!! this is insane!   . i wonder if this will change any thing though	0
#	0
cops helped a massive anti-trump protest shut down i-5 on wednesday    …	0
en vrai , les américains se rebellent , mais quand on est que 54% à voter , les 46% c'est peut être trop tard pour pleurer non?	0
does the media care about broken suitcases or broken people and their country.   is now our normal. thx	0
klan will 'hold trump's promises close;' drops fliers in alabama  .al.com/m2s1vsd	0
heartbroken: what a dark day for the usa     #	0
trump supporters filled with hate today in al, told me to drink bleach &  had to check my son out of school	0
girls who are taking off their hijab bc of "   "or whatever they want to call it.. seriously? did you not think of a better excuse?	0
you and i are done. don't support   or companies that support him. there are a lot of feet in my house too. byyeee	0
not sure if this is a defend   or   response... either way... no i don't prefer an ass whoopin..	0
witter.com/val2d2/status/796476988974239745 …	0
is   because his hatemongering has normalized hate speech like this.	0
president elect donald j trump  not   nor   can ever change that!!  d e a l  w i t h  i t	0
day 1 of            witter.com/shaunking/status/796544913525579777 …	0
they claim they want to   you telling me leftists are just hypocritical, violent thug who silence others?	0
made my day!            …	0
well that was fucking stupid. at least i voted for hillary & i take no responsibility for	0
how i'm "celebrating" the   results.	0
is   because his hatemongering normalized hate speech like this.         witter.com/marylovefreedom/status/796489399630516224 …	0
more trump hate.	0
is there a hashtag to collect these stories yet?	0
another facebook friend, a gay man, shared this.	0
she feels more vulnerable. i wonder why? the misogyny increases.	0
and so the transition begins.	0
no, congress failed to build border wall for over a decade. can't build it & not raise taxes.	0
please don't remind me that a truly disgusting man just won my country's election. he is not my president. thank you.	0
astrid h. holm in a norwegian online newspaper goes bananas after being exposed for her	0
burning up the twitterverse, not smug, not perfect, just thankful for what we have and esp. what we don't :)	0
an example of   & his lies of hate unfortunately endorsed by   in	0
peaceful protest is your right america!!! let them hear you. do not be idle at this time.	0
ut students march through downtown protesting president-elect trump |  xan.com	0
when i say this election has brought out the worst in our country, i'm being literal.	0
so bummed.	0
yeah this is why trump won he played off of the 90% fools  in america like you....smdh	0
whatever response use your voice & take action. silence & complacency is dangerous	0
be angry, rage against this, speak with quivering voice, be compassionate & loving	0
a list of pro-women, pro-immigrant, pro-earth, anti-bigotry organizations that need your support  ezebel.com/a-list-of-pro-women-pro-immigrant-pro-earth-anti-big-1788752078?utm_medium=sharefromsite&utm_source=jezebel_twitter …	0
i think why my migraine is so bad and won't go away is because the fact trump is president and i just can't deal	0
thats how american minorities feel today.	0
this is what   has unleashed, no words but it's a disgusting racial tweet. been reported.	0
i question the legitimize of this election. russia, comey, senate, hacking and corruption. before today & so it will continue.	0
absolutely.  i will not make room for this hate in my life. just say no to	0
a motherfucking swastika. in south philly. half a block from my apartment. done mourning. ready to fight.     pic.twitter.com/5tqqevlmkb	0
i'm still in shock let this be a wake-up call the hate is real you can't help to look at white people with the side eye	0
please remember this america.	0
how many non-poc feel like last night sent them a message?  are you in?	0
the fight continues.	0
watch this kid to the right of tramp	0
wears purple for anti bullying... even if it wasn't the intent, thank you for the message	0
is   because his hatemongering has normalized hate speech in this country.       witter.com/voxromani/status/796381527814848512 …	0
this what happens when you say "hate" isn't so bad.  president donald trump. now we all have to live with it.	0
it's going to be a dad day to see you leave office. not ready for all the   that he will bring	0
al principio usa me caía bien, pero luego me di cuenta que son más pendejos que méxico al elegir a sus presidentes	0
my heart is breaking for every race, religion, the lgbt community, women's rights, and for my children.	0
love will   and we will make our voices heard	0
pls god say something  this is the end?	0
share your stories of perseverance with us by shooting us a message!	0
omg soooo lucky i am in australia lol you got trump america	0
to   & all   who are filled with     how you like me now?    …	0
we have a duty as a nation to rise up against hate. the movement continues, this sent back is our final straw.	0
a person without experience can be the president??? hmm!! what a bullshit!!	0
so they didn't see the good qualites of her	0
okay enough of   for now. haha	0
you know     would be running     reports all day on	0
americans right now	0
time for wholesale sackings   for their yearlong bigoted divisive   campaign?	0
i can't believe that usa did such a huge mistake i'm so disappointed	0
i see hate wins it's so hard to believe there is so many people that can hate i guess hate and racist is more strong than love	0
i can't believe americans vote for that kind of person... thank god i don't live there...!!!!	0
otherwise you'll be deported	0
he talks now of unity & inclusion but that's not what he offered, nor what his voters wanted & sure ain't what we're gonna get!	0
i'm loving that my twitter feed is full of   baffles me how he has won	0
malania trump, first lady? no! i just can't stand her fake smile!!! she is fake!	0
if you taught us anything it's that love will always   despite tonight's results, i'll still choose to believe that.	0
i've read many books about oppression in the middle east, specifically towards women. i want to help them not become them	0
when they go low, we go high. to the 47% of america: let's soar. what do we need to do to   for the next 4 years?	0
can see it all kicking off if trumpet ass  wins the election	0
i am literally crying right now..	0
one thing that we now know. it doesn't matter who won the election. the racist, misogynist, sexist bigots have been exposed.	0
as a minority and a female, i am truly terrified for my future and the future of my family and loved ones.	0
refuse to call   for   unlike all other media as bbc run their   campaign to the bitter end	0
we love   but like many journos,     blinded eli from seeing the obvious. not alone. regain your objectivity.	0
the amout of   i see on my tl, y'all are no different.	0
yay minneapolis elects somali woman	0
geez, knew there would be violence.	0
campaign coverup    email deceipts again	0
i really hope that all the us citizens will vote for the correct person...really.	0
summary of   was a neat summary of   bigoted   campaign all	0
respects!>"	0
the fact that trump is even up there as one of two candidates is embarrassing for mankind. scary times.	0
lmao these are the type of people that vote. get your asses to the polls!!    witter.com/patrioticpepe/status/795954833136041984 …	0
i voted, have you?	0
havent gotten a chance yet, but dont forget to get out there,       send the racists & losers back underground	0
i swear by the mud below my feet, you can't raise a caine back up when he's in defeat.	0
disturbed  - the sound of silence  outu.be/u9dg-g7t2l4  via	0
ok america let's do this	0
for all who love america please go out there and vote!! make it a blowout!! send   &   the message of rejection	0
i will never understand why people use their vote, their choice, to vote for someone who will take away our choices	0
because i want my kids to grow up in the country that it should be, not what trump wants it to be.	0
the "d-day!!". progressives,   minorities go out and vote    don't let   &   prevail	0
not surprising   has normalized & condoned domestic racist terrorism   is evil	0
in about 24 hours it will be all over folks.	0
not her fault.	0
president obama speaks from the heart...at least he has one.	0
the outrageous level of   & anti republican pro clinton   on   shows why it time to	0
donald trump supporter in memphis hurls racist, sexist remarks in road rage video   ic.com/articles/158745/donald-trump-supporter-in-memphis-hurls-racist-sexist-remarks-in-road-rage-video  … via	0
bury   make a stand for	0
make   seriously? that's a slogan? almost as good as   oh my.	0
supported & endorsed by nj	0
donald trump's abortion policies would kill women  n.is/  … via	0
…         will   &	0
beide optionen werden so eklige ausmaße in der welt haben. ich wüsste nicht was das kleinere übel ist.	0
in pa trump goes full-tilt racist on refugees saying 'we don't need' them here -    …	0
if you think election is in the bag, your wrong. all out to defeat   and trumpism tomorrow. it's down to turnout.	0
trump's closing argument: anti-semitism       for trump	0
continue     campaign using comedy as always to promote bbc   views	0
endorsed by nj	0
hasn't that always been his message though?	0
‘rope. tree. journalist’: trump supporter’s t-shirt calls for lynchings of reporters    …	0
leftards   now quoting bush's ethics lawyer as part of     campaign	0
why is     allowed to wage a      campaign when bbc is supposed to show balance?	0
trump in pa says he will suspend syrian refugee program which he claims will resolve our "islamic terrorism" problem.	0
extremely violent people birthed by   with complete disdain 4 our country its constitution bill of right & common decency	0
hating the play calling today - not   but hate	0
our children deserve better.  much better.	0
that's   in   and   fingerprints are all over this campaign	0
not voting is not an option.	0
a burned down black church shows president trump wouldn’t condemn his own terrorists	0
no sane individual would want to be near	0
trump coming to minnesota what that does say? every gop when he is about to lose he run to minnesota   will not vote	0
any vote this year not for   is a vote for   for   for   i'd love to see more/better choices, not now.	0
guy accused of assassination attempt thanks secret service for saving his life, his crime holding republicans against trump sign.	0
protester at trump rally is blamed for getting himself beaten up. after all, he held up a sign against trump.	0
trump protester: i was beaten for holding a 'republicans against trump' sign    …	0
&   cohorts, silence by trump surrogate   while   demonizes ethnic groups.	0
this really scared me bc the signs of a coup was apparent           usa is falling!	0
is there ever anything you people don't blame on trump?	0
but hey, if open carry is ok for our children's schools, isnt it ok at a   rally	0
‘it really does get into your head.’ the election, through eyes of teenage girls.  yti.ms/2ekt0jb  via     matters.	0
a judge just issued a restraining order against donald trump    … via	0
to help save the world from   and	0
with love	0
report obama hecklers but ignore trump hecklers paid by clinton campaign to cause violence   ralleys	0
your candidate has not christian values! did you read the bible? god is love	0
another   who is part of     check if your pilot is mentally stable.	0
yet we tolerate   dividing america.	0
big hearted artists	0
has been hacked! all morning i have not been able to get   and it's filled with   channels and commercials. wth?	0
endorsed by	0
is spreading like the virulent disease it is	0
chobani yogurt becomes 'election-night snack,' colbert bit           …	0
um i think you're just drunk.	0
is pushing   because he enjoys   and epsteins	0
nativist crazies are attacking chobani, so buy some greek yogurt | editorial  .nj.com/cxuuorj	0
more   for you   &   trump supporters truly are	0
trump u should burn in hell	0
now that is a beautiful thing!! thank you,   nationwide r proud of the democratic show of love as opposed 2 the	0
omg just heard if   are mostly voting to keep   out of the white house great reason to vote               ™  witter.com/jaimeaoliva/status/794001970214244354 …	0
defeat   his supporters must be incorporated into   addressing cause, but abandon	0
the slow decent into   hell is beginning with ..... chobani yogurt	0
the poor   will loose what's left of their little minds when they hear this. be prepared for	0
suspect in iowa officer deaths has history of racial provocations  -      …	0
this is the   universe	0
another demonstration of   disrespect for   from	0
america has some reckoning to do, no matter who wins on nov 8  hecorrespondent.com/5575/our-fate-was-sealed-long-before-november-8-and-not-because-the-elections-rigged/1576889402275-7591b019 … via	0
almost as dense as	0
softening on trump? remember this.  n.is/washingtonpost.com/4posl …	0
the greatest threat america faces is our own inhumanity toward man.	0
have poisoned political discourse this year and into the future.	0
wife and i   can't wait to send   back to the 1940's much  happy you are on right side of history️	0
must read	0
as a   alumni, i'm ashamed at the way it is handling student concerns with   being spewed on campus	0
how was he "radicalized?  did he have direct connect? was he directed? or was he "self radicalized?	0
they are a small minority and they have low intelligence due probably to in-breeding.	0
what happens if   loses?    …	0
.  if any harm comes to our   we are coming after you..   is fomenting violence and you are complicit!	0
this is a glimpse of what   would be destroyed with more   &	0
doesn't invite inclusion in america..rather he provokes violence and incites division.	0
oh i'm tired.             exhausted	0
trump said he would require schools to allow guns, clinton says    … via	0
continue with more   to try & elect   servant hilary	0
federal judge wants gop to hand over info on poll watchers - cnn	0
burning and vandalism of mississippi black church is being investigated as hate crime - time	0
i can count on one amputated hand the groups of people   hasn't insulted.	0
'vote trump' painted on black church set ablaze in mississippi    nn.it/2ea7v3i	0
this needs to end now!  wen does it stop b n "campaign" & it strts bcoming inciting a riot?	0
more of   inciting violence. disgusting.	0
and   loud clear	0
it	0
alleged	0
for molesting 13-year-old little girl	0
more   for you	0
isis in kansas:   faces criticism from muslims for controversial isis-themed mailers	0
calling for   investigation! saudi college student in wisconsin dies after assault	0
dont believe the lies!    witter.com/scarlett210/status/791414542924451840 …	0
my dad as kid watched hitler destroy an entire country & kill millions. he's turning in his grave hearing same in   rhetoric	0
where is   now ..this is getting out of hand	0
bbc should know.theyre one of the main liberal media rigging system x-usa for  hilary with bbc's year long   campaign	0
the vengeful world of donald trump, and why it matters  n.is/  … via	0
‘we are in for a pretty long civil war’  oliti.co/2ebaja6      in time of	0
halloween witch hunt  rovocativememes.blogspot.com	0
the man who shouted 'jew-s-a' at a trump rally is  blaming mexicans for his anti-semitism  usion.net/story/364223/jew-s-a-trump-supporter-blames-mexicans-spanish-for-slur/?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=socialshare&utm_content=theme_top_desktop …	0
has infected	0
man staring down press removed from trump rally  oliti.co/2ehfvhf	0
chart: what has donald trump lied about today?  henib.com/chart-what-has-donald-trump-lied-about-today?utm_campaign=web-share-links&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter … via	0
the   and supporter surrogates madness doesn't end with trump psycho rally mobs. nov  9 is coming.	0
trump rally attendee shouts 'jew-s-a' at media - nbc news	0
he's in the     corner now & has been for the past month. another words he's a nazi loving loud mouth asshole who wants dt to win	0
hilary clinton over critical to donald trump wearing very thin .   is just not working anymore . usa not stupid	0
more trump hate im mad as hell and i'm not going to take it anymore             say no	0
"we're on the cusp of history"	0
if you're black and you're voting for   you're not reading!  and you don't give a damn about...	0
scared    are 'turning on the media' - breitbart.	0
“  i hope i never have to fire a gun, but as   i want reforms, sometimes reforms come via bloodshed.”	0
when morgan freeman backs hillary clinton you know this race is over	0
i bet it will be a new deal alright.	0
when we go to the polls the choice is crystal clear. its   (clinton) or   (trump).	0
doesn't invite inclusion in america..rather he provokes violence and incites division.	0
out racist hannity offers to send obama back to kenya if trump wins  n.is/news.idealmedia.com/giujf …	0
press needs to just boycott his events. he's asking for it.	0
donald's new hotels lose 'trump' from their name	0
i can count on one amputated hand the groups of people   hasn't insulted yet.	0
ok fam. this is not what was meant by	0
this 3 minute video is powerful! please share!	0
this right here is a prime example of a trump brand american.        witter.com/bergsteinpatel/status/790911614681812993 …	0
trumps hate: 2 full pages of	0
trump rally attendees hurl nazi smear at reporter (video)     endorsed by	0
let's hear it	0
hit   in the pocketbook.   everything. clothes, hotels, golf, restaurants, wine, steaks, all   ties! zero sales!	0
i couldn't agree more & they'll be responsible for   coverage when alt-right lets loose.	0
sad. imagine all the positive things they could be doing instead of pushing	0
one-trick pony, one-note singer, one talking point ad nauseam.	0
<< mexicans, women, disabled, military pow's & vets, gays, any minority, the list goes on with   |	0
terry tate the office linebacker for president	0
here is a list that continues 2 sell	0
it's time for a   because the gop has been corrupted by	0
jorge ramos exposes hate groups' in age of trump    … # via	0
he didn't have the sta-min-ah to stay calm. meltdown began about 20 minutes in.	0
he's his father's son for sure!	0
i get it   no one follows your hate so u jump onto other twitter feeds to be stupid dumb and blind to    delete block!	0
i used to got to vancouver for any excuse to get a good cigar.  love everything about vancouver. luv the   too	0
trump doesn't know that for every action there is a reaction. his hate to others created a coalison against himself	0
"facebook employees argued to ban trump's posts over hate speech"       …	0
must read	0
trump’s neo-nazi “alt-right” supporters suggest violent “race war” response to so-called rigged election  m4a.org/2evwrg7	0
how neo-nazi trolls tormented an anti-trump conservative for adopting a black daughter    …	0
official party - republican/alt right on official ballot-california! the party of declared segregationist george wallace	0
omg!   is not even funny!! he's being boooo'd!!	0
one of he   accusers fled the country because of threats.   continues   ever  witter.com/castoutgoback/status/788982852985552896 …	0
can	0
dear   and     just promised to burn your collective houses down if he can't win.	0
trump trying to compare his 1 year of "growth and education" to hillary's 30 year experience	0
the rocky horror picture show my debut tomorrow but another horror picture show is about to begin the final	0
how   helped modernize education at wellesley  inyurl.com/h6gh2b6	0
the greatest threat america faces is our own inhumanity toward man.	0
adl condemns anti-semitic harassment of journalists on twitter-    …	0
its hillary & billy's fault just ask donald - dt	0
"trump has a 5 pt plan to defeat islam". speak the truth.         the swampthatistrumpscampaign	0
doesn't invite inclusion in america..rather he provokes violence and incites division.	0
i just pray for a better future for all children.   will not win. this is why	0
muslimgirl founder: donald trump is unsafe for muslims	0
in 20 years, we'll either laugh about this, or laughter will be banned.	0
not every1 believes	0
so...every town i have lived in my adult life (sans burbs)    reared it's ugly head	0
the greatest threat america faces is our own inhumanity toward man.	0
blacks, hispanics, asians, muslims lgbtq, repubs, indep, are coming together to vote against	0
"your fired" should be the only words we hear...	0
no. ur followers firebombed a gop office because of ur hate speech against republicans.	0
i'm confident i'm not the first who thought this could be sick   seeking to stir hatred towards dem's.	0
terrorists who call themselves "crusaders" planned an attack in   on refugees.	0
trump calls for drug test ahead of next debate, says clinton was 'pumped up'	0
just another indicator of   clearly   are   non-intellectuals.    witter.com/politicsusanews/status/787377040236224512 …	0
i imagine their defence will be along the lines "see what you've driven us to??"	0
any followers please read. is this for real in this day and age? another bigoted trumpkin?          witter.com/mathfaithworks/status/787107311080902656 …	0
thwarted domestic terrorist attack on somali refugees       …	0
are supposed to be given   but   woman who came out leaving the   with her   afraid for   -	0
the media should stop airing this   campaign!	0
for reals.            42	0
is mike pence still married?  perhaps he should have his wife spell it out for him.	0
how the hell does   still have a job? let's shame sexual assault victims on  behalf of our predator.	0
kelly is no longer a "closet lib" she's a full blown libtard wearing a badge of	0
you do not like [my gropes] so you say. try them! try them! and you may.	0
it appears the media hasn't softened on   &	0
hate crimes rose by 41 percent after brexit vote - the atlantic-like the usa & trump	0
doesn't invite inclusion in america..rather he provokes violence and incites division.	0
i can count on one amputated hand the groups of people   hasn't insulted.	0
fake! ny times's "groping victim" made up trump story, borrowed it from...    er     …	0
engaging voters in   they reject   & those that support him.  let's	0
well,megan, as long as you keep bleeding your brand of   what difference does it make?	0
i grew up being told to fear black men.	0
seems all i see from albuquerque news is   must be mtheat the rest of us for wanting a wall there, sorry	0
this is what you are turning america into again with your hateful speech against everyone.	0
the country can only take so much hate.  thanks,	0
the greatest threat america faces is our own inhumanity toward man.	0
islamophobia just drove this american born boy and his family out of america    … via	0
trump hates poor people	0
where's are               are kids r being   a	0
take a moment away from   on   and watch hedwig and the angry inch "origin of love"	0
= we hate to see this great country crumble to obama & be given to the clintons for quick sale!	0
.	0
live on       what's the future?	0
definitely worth the read.	0
this should be rt'd as often as possible!	0
i can count on one amputated hand the groups of people   hasn't insulted.	0
the body language in last night's second presidential   said more than any words or insults could.	0
trump & gop  imploding	0
much as a dislike   i never would wish this kinda disfunction hate on a kid.	0
has made anything with the "trump" name toxic.         sat.ly/2ej9zk0  via	0
a new low, even for donald trump  n.is/washingtonpost.com/e5x3b …	0
the only p's he's grabbing are purses	0
spinning bbcs usual leftard   about	0
supported by.     rejects   and      can hide from voters for 31 more days.	0
i hate   i hate him so much. why is he on stage.	0
message to fran kelly, and her abc stablemates. it's not "sexual assualt" if "they let you do it"...	0
robert de niro wants to punch trump, only wish more people could get in on that action!	0
hypocrisy at its best	0
add to this the racist claim that cp5 are guilty!	0
former grand wizard of the kkk, david duke is a symptom of   campaign. fortunately the vast majority of americans	0
donald trump is a walking, talking example of the tyrannical soul  n.is/washingtonpost.com/8rmce …	0
say it, like he did.	0
we're not going to take it!	0
.    you're really tying yourself to this   i don't agree w/u on a lot but this is below u	0
q   like "ur" source who said   birth certificate fake? ppl usa  is better that	0
decades old!!! shown over & over. yet his followers & gop supporters refuse to denounce	0
supporters are hateful when you say negative things abt their messiah	0
part of   coaching to have this scum in the front row?	0
claiming his insulting women was "entertainment" we don't need an entertainer in chief, right	0
truth! i'm heartsick with all the hatred & plain meanness. stop the	0
gop lawmakers denounce trump - and,yet   supports   and his rhetoric   rejects	0
i'm so sorry ️ so much of this hate being spewed by trump trolls trump isn't calling them out for it neither is the campaign.	0
but they'll vote for a     who calls woman fat pigs            witter.com/nannie169/status/784018246974312449 …	0
trump and pence seem to,be going separate ways on foreign policy. trump can't even get his vp to support him!	0
"donald donald you can't hide, we can see your sexist side!"	0
america is not about racism and hate. stop   now.        "mike pence's galling amnesia"	0
stop   - our kids should not learn to be racists.  "mike pence's galling amnesia"	0
horrifying!	0
this   is reprehensible! australian media following us media bs! they aren't journalists they r attack dogs of the left.	0
"when trump says go away, we say no way!"	0
is dangerous to our community and country.	0
malloy piles on pence: 'when you see a bigot, you have to call them on it'	0
.  says hateful rhetoric, and   actually signs it into law:  rc.io/2dcybkv	0
when my science fiction heroes protest against   you know his politics are illogical	0
our media playing the   card, based on us media bs! ignore   corruption & crimes! do your damn jobs! stop the hate bs	0
hey ryan, either way the guys an asshole!                   pig	0
no, rudy...not everyone has infidelity history.  now i might have checked out the menu, but i never ordered anything off it.	0
dr. told me i have   completely exhausted. huge props   for powering through to	0
unfortunately   have bought into the   not one word on   & all the corruption! they r a disgrace!	0
i'm so she's lived long enough to see 1st black prez, and it saddens me that she's now seeing so much	0
trump campaign is home for the racist, sexist, and antisemitic	0
and they cry crocodile tears when we call them "deplorable"! this is just another example of   in action!	0
trump's business failures and tax avoidance undermine his campaign of "winning" and    voters in    reject this repugnant man.	0
trump called her the c-word	0
was trump actually there at 711. what a brave man. must have been starving.	0
looks like   from kelly and o'reilly not getting ratings. great job	0
texas can't legally keep out refugees, so it quit a program that helps them	0
but the microphone didn't make   say all the   and    he spewed!	0
this is what happens when   gets away with inciting violence against	0
word.	0
sorry not sorry trump.          …	0
this son of a bitch right here	0
took her   hate to next level with   piñata for son's birthday    … via	0
former senator john warner rejects   but   embraces it.     oliti.co/2d2ln7m	0
conservatives across u.s. reject   but not                        why, dave?	0
so you always need and explanation. i can teach you but i cant comprehend it for you.    tweeted by cory is hate	0
so much respect for rosie o'donnell imagine having to put up with	0
repeat   spin trump being rich without asking how publicservant hilary clinton family is worth £200 million?	0
the first presidential debate confirms donald trump has no idea what he is talking about.	0
it's a great day when you wake up and twitter is full of bernie whiners, deplorables, &   insult away, i own my businesses & work!	0
abc working the   aallll day. every single interview was with a trump hater. how transparent can you get?	0
that's why it continues no penalty for it. he will probably get hired by fox and make more money. say anything it's ok	0
donald trump's cruel streak	0
let's make this a meme!!!	0
the only way he can fight is to insult people.	0
when ur twitter timeline is full of	0
i don't like trump	0
what is chinese twitter doing right now?     is super china-centric. like nixon-era ussr nonsense	0
first debate i remember that muslim leaders are warning parents to not let kids under 13 watch.   is harmful for kids	0
srsly facebook?!  i don't want to see a dumb douchebag without any brain or humanity. thanks.	0
nazi flag at bloomsburg fair sparks controversy  hetimes-tribune.com/news/nazi-flag-at-bloomsburg-fair-sparks-controversy-1.2095792  …	0
maybe you should stop inciting hatred.	0
if it helps...	0
adds antigay rick   to religious council    …	0
in the wake of the devil only one true angel will rise against him. they will despise her, call her names, in the end she will   rt	0
pic.twitter.com/emt1ycamql	0
this country can't afford to go backwards with           not voting is a vote 4	0
americans, get registered to   if you haven't already!	0
what do you say to your kids about this?    …	0
he has already said he wants to reverse same-sex marriage. u r delusional.	0
the time we're living in rn we def don't need a money hungry racist for potus it's becoming more hate by the day.	0
must stop &         so sad	0
video of boy asking   if he can adopt   is everything    … via	0
the   in full racist, hateful, repugnant effect.	0
republicans can't keep putting fake band aids on ugly, nasty old scabs. heal your racism & hatred-fix housing, jobs, schools	0
69-year-old woman punched in face by trump supporter outside nc rally  los.com/news/local/69-year-old-woman-punched-in-face-outside-rally-by-trump-supporter …	0
god bless   &	0
'make rochester great again' fliers promote white supremacist website        …	0
poison candy isn't an   analogy, it's a halloween   analogy that   ain't about to fix	0
..... wow.  frank needs to crawl back into his basket.  be careful,	0
and that's why	0
lip service isn't enough, dear politicians. either you support equality or you do not.	0
“however they disguise themselves, or however friendly they try to be, affirming a...	0
defended by         trump anti-semites	0
we are dealing with watching a man of color executed on a highway & he openly insults an entire race of ppl.	0
send her back for aiding & abetting a terrorist.	0
say no to trump hate racism & bigotry	0
might be a business man..but this can't be good for a   and golf course owner!	0
this week’s white tx     isn’t talking about -  ccupydemocrats.com/2016/09/20/meet-weeks-white-texan-terrorist-trump-isnt-talking/ …	0
kkk, racial slurs spray painted on building at emu	0
now that   has been ordered to tone down, he's using his son to spread the	0
trump doesn't have a clue. not a clue.	0
trump said us military couldn't shoot straight. needs publicity too.	0
stop	0
the similarities between trump and isis are earily similar!	0
at it again! --trump bemoans 'amazing hospitalization' for new york bombing suspect - abc news -  bcn.ws/2conidn  via	0
big basket.	0
idea of presidential commentary is two liberal apologists for   & resulting terror spouting	0
you're very dumb. do better. no   it's not the solution. try again. think.	0
starting now, we can't let   dominate the conversation. his solutions are not acceptable.	0
does tht emotiin extend to syrian civilians or palistinians?   just as deadly as	0
sounds like   everyday at his rallies inciting his crowds with his version of	0
this land is your land by old crow medicine …	0
lol   takes a break when football is on i'll be back flooding tomorrow	0
says to his followers   don't throw your vote away & let trump win. vote clinton. she'll work with him	0
after 10 years the coward admited	0
he a racist   witter.com/glennthrush/status/777110865409519616 …	0
who really wants a hateful potus?	0
"hate crimes against american muslims were up 78 percent over the course of 2015"  yti.ms/2cgua2q	0
the worst part of this is the backlash muslims will face from this.	0
witter.com/danieladunham19/status/777277710695411713 …	0
don't worry minorities's votes are to the rescue, we    against	0
spews lies & hate speech.    supports this man.    rejects	0
trump employs symbols of america's racist fringe  n.msnbc.com/2cvtqev	0
american white supremacists encouraged by   campaign  n.msnbc.com/2cvyehb	0
too bad msm won't cover it - only   & lies.	0
are real.  witter.com/barbaraaresesq/status/777233254978060288 …	0
trump bashing immigrants right now. public must see this is wrong.	0
proud members of       met in dc fortrump	0
yes.... yes it does.	0
demanding   is like white people demanding freedom papers of a freed slave.	0
to   for speaking the   about all the	0
what could be more wrong than accusing others of your own error. birtherism was neva hrc's creation.	0
trump's a snakeoil salesmen that rallies those who hate something.	0
never apologized.   hillary didnot start   movement   did	0
yes they are out there	0
from out of the mouth the heart speaks!	0
witter.com/andrewmindc/status/776612071349727232 …	0
pastor interrupts trump speech to ask him to stop attacking clinton!         n.is/thehill.com/blogs/ba/gnaq6 …	0
continue       review of us presidential campaign with two anti trump pundits	0
against	0
this   nut-job's timeline is chilling	0
it's ok at the moment but full scale     wave still to come.   got to be ready for it.  witter.com/noltenc/status/776485630545104896 …	0
told facebook friends if they could vote trump in spite of racism and white separatist ties, i no longer wanted their friendship	0
the donald in charge!  rovocativememes.blogspot.com	0
4ppl who dont know.  also has a childcare plan w/12 wks(men&women) instead of 6weeks(moms) paid leave. kuddos2both	0
the return of corey lewandowski    …	0
rt               (cont)  l.gd/nmt4nm	0
bbc     should take responsibility for promoting   that pushed that young idiot to try & assassinate trump	0
nonsensical rubbish	0
grrr!!   & says "50% of the poor are lazy & don't wanna work."	0
were coming to get u trump!	0
commentator recently suggested hrc's supporters were as hateful as trumps. there is no comparison. wake up media	0
trump supporter punches protester in the face at n.c. rally  ydn.us/2ca8pin	0
sorry   but we're not running out clock against deplorable hate	0
yes, half of trump supporters are racist  n.is/washingtonpost.com/raecb …	0
& backs himself	0
so awful! with   these kinds of persecutions will only multiply. must	0
but my oh my how offended  the crybaby trumpsters get over    the   is real	0
jamelle bouie says science proves half of gop are deplorable (video)  ddictinginfo.org/2016/09/11/jamelle-bouie-says-science-proves-half-of-gop-are-deplorable-video/ …	0
more   from   ..he needs 2get some balance in his reporting	0
misreporting   only showing democrat media spin on	0
go	0
amen (((dr x)))  -                 vote blue vote hrc	0
of all the media   will be the only one to remind us of the	0
go to a trump rally & see for yourself!       i call a spade a spade!	0
& his     my friend got spit at a	0
you know dam well what shes talking about	0
is   right about   supporters? this is what the data says  hinkprogress.org/is-hillary-clinton-right-about-trump-supporters-this-is-what-the-polling-data-says-2b37625a1df3  …	0
woman allegedly attacks muslim moms and babies in hate crime -	0
this type of disrespect you fraud.	0
alert:    finally endorses his nominee, per his campaign manager.   rejects   and racism.	0
.	0
pls read	0
bigot tried ripping off muslim women's hijabs in hateful attack	0
why is anyone bragging on putin? have we forgotten his oppression of gays?	0
seems a democrat kinda morning on   . hillary friends and trump haters indulged... again.	0
hire two anti   reviewers to give   idea of balanced leftist   report on us presidential election	0
in every state, pessimism about trump, clinton and the impact of the election  apo.st/2ccijjx	0
i can count on one amputated hand the groups of americans   hasn't insulted.	0
i'll def be voting!	0
why do     campaign never report   & unions sympathy for putin?	0
witter.com/defeat_gop/status/771176606698123266 …	0
not a presidential look!	0
your talking about our american hero's trump. u make me sick!         ( pls watch	0
the greatest threat america faces is our own inhumanity toward man.	0
trump mini-me purveyor of   has 2 withdraw from racetrump is destroying gop before our eyes w/ help of cult	0
took me a minute too to recognize that the   mirrored   tactics.	0
retiring red sox slugger david ortiz slams donald trump on his way out    …	0
geez, it's       mind boggeling!	0
nj gop candidate threatens ‘daily beast’ reporter: ‘i hope somebody rapes you today’    …	0
bashes obama, says there won't be another black president for a while.	0
"you are a prime example of the worst of humanity",	0
probably loves his followers who have names that include "white genocide".        witter.com/whitegenocidet1/status/772556214978871296 …	0
just thought i'd say hi since the don is talking crap about you. hi!!! good luck in all you do	0
trump called slavery period  "a good time" yet thinks he is worthy of the black vote.	0
hey rudy - you &   might want to curb those assumptions about young men of color.	0
getting rid of   means never having to say you're sorry for being a hate-filled jerk.	0
they're all going to regret not taking a stand - will regret even more if trump wins.	0
big diff between hillary supp & trumpsters hate-filled tweets-a scary look into a trump usa-brrr	0
white nationalist growing much faster than isis online    …	0
voters in   reject   & those that support it.    will be held accountable on	0
ppl here are actually turning against   there is   and there is   ppl here actually reached their limit!	0
were not stupid trump!	0
as they will see them (    ) as supporters of   ..when will the list be compiled	0
the white nationalist twitterverse loves donald trump	0
ok this one scared the shit out of me. this is the season 2 villian of	0
does that anger you?	0
planning ahead...	0
retweeted ron roberts (              b.me/4hdxbylnb	0
first mexicans then jews....read in the garden of  beasts. hitlers rise to power..  like trump nationalist propaganda. wake up!	0
find yourself! take a look around you at the next trump rally. you're not represented	0
here's why trump's immigration speech was so shocking  ead.bi/2bfvxtc  via	0
when this is over, you will have nothing that you want	0
donald trump jr. retweets the ‘neo-nazi movement’s favorite academic’  d.fo/gh0h  via	0
he didn't even wait half a day.	0
when the former prez. of mexico speeks against    he makes   stronger. good job promoting	0
one of   biggest fans.	0
trump wants to build sub-camps: stay tuned wtf!	0
i see   building prisons for opposition leaders and jailing them	0
good night, americans on the side of humanity & commonsense.  i go to bed with a heavy heart, seeing what's being done to usa by	0
what a scumbag!	0
is alive and well in america tonight. (meant in every way possible.)	0
aren't you just full of jesus love.	0
hey         you're being talked about           mainstreaming hate	0
wow! trumps lawyer tweets this.. wtf! how did   make racism ok?         trump  witter.com/jdplumer/status/771167525254012928 …	0
only thing i can think of thats better than a "beautiful" "great" & free wall is not having a wall!	0
he just lost his bounce. ....goodbye suburban moms and independents.	0
wtf is he "saving" us from	0
wait this speech wasn't another   skit? i thought it was a reboot it's not back???	0
america, the world is watching us. let's get this one right in november, shall we?!	0
,	0
no more "both sides"ism after this speech, i don't think!	0
don't bring the 'african americans' into your hate speech.	0
no "softening" on   here. speech is pure   hopefully it will finally convince mainstream republicans to vote	0
oh shit   almost forgot about black folks! what's an alarm go off on his watch.	0
more    this morning in love with mexico & mexicans, tonight the   is back.	0
easy, easy fucking   it's going to be a beautiful   he said!	0
i was just thinking the same thing. i hate him more then anyone i have ever known.	0
i think i've changed my mind about moving back to arizona after this   debacle.	0
first he saying the us doesn't know wth they are doing and now he says the police know names,crimes, etc.	0
did he just proposed a gestapo?	0
i think the hate must be left over   from yesterday hopefully2weeks of pacific northwest rain will cleanse rfair city	0
the insanity is strong with this one!           witter.com/prowhites/status/771065342324011008 …	0
trump campaign ceo: women's liberation movement is, "bunch of dykes” from “seven sisters schools"    …	0
donald trump to meet mexican president nieto ahead of immigration speech	0
six teenagers in britain suspected of killing polish man in hate crime	0
getting thin skinned, wants to sue facebook now! a bitter woman,   now having meltdown? pic.twitter.com/hbplkhoffp	0
peaceful protest against   tonight    …	0
1st   calls   a bigot w/zero basis then she uses his own words to show he is w/o calling him one.	0
all this nonsense is because of	0
in action	0
i can count on one amputated hand the groups of americans   hasn't insulted.	0
while republican leaders abandon     fails to renounce     will hold you accountable.	0
trump chairman’s ex-wife: bannon said “he doesn’t like jews” | the usa bulletin	0
one of the hardest multiple choice tests you will ever take...yup.	0
did not see...all reid had to do was show sample home pages from mm and bb...would not have to say a word...no?	0
i hate trump-pence both insane..	0
tell     her to continue   -     is not 4	0
hard to imagine anyone doing what he did for political purposes so shortly after a tragedy.	0
if this doesn't confirm the veracity of clinton's comments, i don't know what will.	0
stop   never	0
holy geez...	0
speak up gop r you will go down with him in history.	0
donald trump is a flake and a fraud  n.is/washingtonpost.com/0sxwb …	0
geez! fix your bra your   is showing	0
derailed!	0
these people are redefining garbage level.	0
could not be more proud to support	0
the truth hurts:	0
milo works for bannon's breitbart (bannon - trumps new wihite supremacist team member    …	0
she is going to crush him in the debates  outu.be/khalx9a_dfa	0
the donald hired beitbart a known radical alt-right white supremist group!	0
lawless trump brownshirts acting like vigilantes	0
breaking news:	0
desperately reaches out to blacks and hispanics by addressing all white audiences!	0
donald trump's slow-motion flip-flop on illegal immigration  po.st/hkkt1	0
,the black   ..do like she's been doing, just stop talking.	0
like trump, his staffers wallow in religious bigotry and racism-    …	0
maybe      …	0
yeah, right. and my name's ivanka trump.	0
can't believe they allow racist media into an   rally!  we don't see colors but apparently media does!	0
per   test of political courage,   is "disqualified" -   rejects      .	0
this so  trump brings out the worst ppl	0
the voters trump drives from the gop aren’t likely to return    … via	0
they know what they are saying is all dog-whistles to certain people.	0
'white lives matter' stages armed protest outside naacp hq     …	0
trumped america is right. this can be directly attributed to	0
i endure this because of   i am   have a   accent.i am often told to go back to my own country. am an american	0
i endure this because of   i am   have a   accent.i am often told to go back to my own country.i am an american	0
rejects       witter.com/joycetrump2016/status/750771952562864128 …	0
what a racist remark by trump!	0
to bad it takes being profiled to wake some people up. at least he gets it now though.        …	0
1	0
i can count on one amputated hand the groups of americans   hasn't insulted.	0
oo.gl/forms/rrgyp01rwkgrhf9f2 … looking to volunteer with us to   ? sign up here and join me any day during the week up until election day!	0
amen!	0
nothing is more motivating than seeing a trump sign in the back of a truck while driving to work. time to organize to	0
i suspect true for r consultants as well. ?a contributor to the   ?	0
trump adviser accused of vile anti-semitism: ‘ovens were too small to kill 6 million jews'	0
...and disgusting 2	0
the greatest threat america faces is our own inhumanity toward man.	0
a word for christians who want to make america great again      … via	0
the polls had obama winning. it was obvious after romney laid down in the last two debates.	0
okay do all the "make america great again"er's realize they are supporting a man with unresolved sexual assault charges?	0
when you are blind with anger, you are never sure who you are fighting or what you really want.	0
( must watch	0
former breitbart news spokesman rails against new trump ceo: a "pathological liar"  m4a.org/2bbuzps	0
restaurant removing billboards referencing us-mexico wall	0
i can count on one amputated hand the groups of americans   hasn't insulted.	0
‘burn every single ni**er!’: this is how trump supporters talk when they think nobody’s listening    …	0
trump: the new york times is biased because 'it's owned by mexico'	0
the murderer was a trump supporter no doubt.  they are all bigoted & beyond stupid.	0
trump misspeaks:"... three times as many hate and angered goose-stepping officers in the parking lot trying to get in now!"	0
.    why don't you renounce    afraid of offending   and his "troops"?   voters in    are watching.	0
the greatest threat america faces is our own inhumanity toward man.	0
chris cillizza    identifies pickup seats for      rejects   & those that endorse it.	0
her com team is even worse. ever read the platitudes they churn out? punctuated   hate for gop?	0
supporter believes in     does he have any1 that doesnt believe	0
when ignorance runs wild it makes the wild look intelligent!!	0
the doing of hate-monger   2 killings near mosque plunge a queens neighborhood into fear  yti.ms/2brjiox	0
yes baby girl. more people love you than you know.	0
manafort is just a sleezy as trump...	0
and   block progress & unity we need to face world challenges; our children pay the price	0
... the ripple effects of a megalomaniac with a  microphone .....   family man killed	0
i can not believe christians are following this man of hate he is nothing like christ or his disciples!	0
has the power to stop   &   &	0
i too congratulate   but also believe in telling voters where i stand.    reject	0
hey peeps, better brush up on your russian just incase   wins.	0
i'm with you   but don't discredit   with fake memes.    … (could say it is   )	0
10 examples of trump being racist -	0
trump supporters :   has to go!           see what u started	0
i can count on one amputated hand the groups of americans   hasn't insulted.	0
mm hmmm 2 people 1 orange body!!	0
catching up with some   today on      &    love the   ep!	0
top republicans voting 4 hillary clinton instead of    hebea.st/2bc2vs9	0
americans are inherently a good people. why can't we be better?	0
.  .  - you've got 2 twitter accts , websites & fb accts, but fail to utter 1 word on   or   why?	0
trump makes "america sick"	0
shameful!   wants us to believe that real   who believe in   are going to fall for	0
$nevertrump   testimio de sra. q vino a un rally de trump pero lo viò adentro no lo podia creer	0
in gerrymandered ohio,   remains winnable. help us defeat   &	0
guy behind trump	0
probably just trying to get his refund from trump university.	0
when ignorance runs wild it makes the wild look intelligent!!	0
i can count on one amputated hand the groups of americans   hasn't insulted.	0
trump is a pathological lier!	0
opinion: marc lamont hill, i can't “afford” a   presidency  o.st/ffbe7u	0
guy behind trump	0
wow	0
why doesn't   renounce    b/c he is a coward- afraid of offending trump & his "troops". voters in    are watching.	0
that so explains it. light goes on.	0
1) hillary is rigging the election 2) if she wins it's too late 3) 2nd amendment is the only answer	0
the gop must dump trump  n.is/washingtonpost.com/4qw2z …	0
so proud of the     . way to make our country proud,especially when we need it the most	0
the hate u spew will return 2 u.	0
.  wasnt it lefties like you   &   that stirred up the   that unhinged sanford to try to kill trump?	0
didn't       campaign incite a brit to kill trump? didnt bbcnews promote perps fundraiser?  witter.com/llareggubhall/status/763155200903380992 …	0
the greatest threat america faces is our own inhumanity toward man.	0
trump ally roger stone has repeatedly urged the killing of public figures  m4a.org/24ilxju	0
it sounds like he did inciting the masses	0
trump, gop losing faithful a fathers' message!	0
.  - have we missed your your announcement condemning   and   and      await	0
_	0
i can count on one amputated hand the groups of americans   hasn't insulted.	0
when ignorance runs wild it makes the wild look intelligent!	0
go blue arizona	0
u2 - the miracle (of joey ramone) such a great song! right   ?	0
i guess   hates   because he knows that u2 are great guys.	0
so apparently trump hates u2...	0
republicansagainsttrump	0
just don't show up!  it's that simple!	0
if trump's mouth is moving, he is lying!           liartrump	0
several members of congress denounce   my opponent,   is silent. reject   in	0
scary times for america.    …. svp	0
doesn't invite inclusion in america...rather he provokes violence and incites division!!	0
hate seldom destroys those we direct it toward but it always destroys those who direct it.	0
the greatest threat america faces is our own inhumanity toward man.	0
in   we say "no!" to    does   say yes, no or nothing?	0
i haven't seen this much vitriole and hate in our generation.	0
'hang the b*tch!' 'f*g!' 'n*gger!': uncensored rally videos expose donald trump's america	0
suffering from a viral called "foot in mouth"..severe case at that.	0
witter.com/nunez_anna/status/760908275311185920 …	0
jeeeesus of nazareth!  obile.nytimes.com/2016/08/04/us/politics/donald-trump-supporters.html?action=click&pgtype=homepage&clicksource=story-heading&module=b-lede-package-region&region=top-news&wt.nav=top-news&hp&_r=0&referer=http%3a%2f%2f  …	0
when we hate those who hate us it only reduces us to what they've become.	0
americans are inherently a good people. why can't we be better?	0
,  ,,	0
hate seldom destroys those we direct it toward but it always destroys those who direct it.	0
.  keeps piling on a pile on. it's aug 3rd. i suspect all   opinions will be forgotten or dismissed on nov 8th	0
businesses cheated by   why does   stand with    har.es/1zdyli  via	0
unfiltered voices from   's hateful crowds  yti.ms/2b2urt1	0
donald trump: trying to make america hate again (documentary)	0
is true trump brngs hate out of people but some is against him	0
another republican rejects       not heard from in	0
voices from .   rallies, uncensored   yti.ms/2aa3av2   we have seen & heard this before - germany 1934.	0
trump supporters believe "this too will pass"..no hate doesn't pass. it stays there and eats away at the core values of america!	0
needs to   taking down website down is   he does like his	0
some republicans reject     remains silent in      for ios  oliti.co/2alqhx4	0
there's no moral purpose in hating. there's no moral objective in hating. to pursue hate is to destroy the good thats within us.	0
this really happened!	0
were tired of all the hate mr. trump!	0
i can count on one amputated hand the groups of americans   hasn't insulted.	0
doesn't invite inclusion in america...rather he provokes violence and incites division!!	0
ay santo, hasta en las noticias rusas.	0
check out trump heart hate! available for next 7 days    spr.ng/c/wear-trump-heart-hate …	0
keep this up people. need to keep monster trump out of power	0
trump pandered, he didn't pay, play and especially didn't protect anyone for that purple heart.	0
attention   your job is done   i need you to stay off the   speech.."gracias"	0
wtf trump supporters!	0
awesome commercial! well done!    b.me/863qo10f5	0
humans don't let fellow humans vote for megalomaniac proto-fascist borderline personality disorder narcissists.	0
each day brings another display of   ignorance - and, the silent assent of   in    reject	0
in less than 15mins   taught dignified restraint! love, strengthen,teach compassion,learn, respect	0
this piece by mrs.khan is profound.   - you should read this & reject   in   ghazala khan	0
hey sarah, why aren't  you defending your candidate? why so quiet? why not defend him for attacking gold star mom?	0
longtime trump adviser claims khizr khan is a terrorist agent:    … via	0
more   but no comment from      rejected   - where does   stand?	0
far better if mccain had     is   candidate and they support his	0
republicans like   stands with   as he spews hate and disrespect, even to   reject   in	0
call on republican leaders to denounce    i call on   to do so.      apo.st/2aqlybq?tid=ss_tw-bottom …	0
humans of new york's open letter to donald trump is going viral         suncut.com/politics/hony-open-letter/ …	0
if   can take   to sacrifice his life, surely we can take 10 steps to vote and protect his family from	0
worst reasons for   he put picture of himself with unrealistic body in one of his bars. (trans: he has low-class tastes)	0
…	0
muslim war hero sacrificed himself for all americans, including donald trump  hebea.st/2aeqjhl	0
childish attacks & insults spew from the hate filled mouth of this unqualified charlatan.	0
disarm trumps hate!                witter.com/trumpcritiques/status/744360326834102272 …	0
rep&dem over bigotry & hate!	0
campaign publicise fundraising for trumps would be killer who bbc are part responsible for inciting	0
not a warm moment; a telling moment; he is uninvolved. (click)   now he extols amish-like dog whistle days gone by.	0
witter.com/trumpcritiques/status/747207055279292416 …	0
based on fact or based on	0
if   wins this election i've lost faith in all americans common sense.   is the one. don't spread	0
why? give up some examples....you say a lot but it really means nothing	0
donald trump says he would like to 'hit' dnc speakers who disparaged him-	0
chuck norris is delusional.	0
trumps	0
.  because     is pushing coronation of queen hilary   & ignoring hrc email deletion at all costs?	0
when we hate those who hate us it only reduces us to what they've become.	0
trumps a con	0
hate seldom destroys those we direct it toward but it always destroys those who direct it.	0
the greatest threat america faces is our own inhumanity toward man.	0
really think the    has the hate not   or those on the	0
trump wants to be a dictator & thats unamerican.	0
no time for you're stupidity feel the block stupid	0
witter.com/azconservative1/status/758693005943410688 …	0
this is what rudy giuliani did to   front cover when he came to	0
this is what giuliani did to daily news cover when he entered    this morning.	0
let's be done with it all!	0
opener guesses:  "how many times did your leg tingle when bloomberg laid out his	0
states: "homegrown demagogues will always fail in the end."                                           in the end,   fails.	0
a vote for trump is a vote for hate . ..period!  there's nothing that can remove vile words from his mouth..not even dial soap	0
melania trump bio deleted because of fake college "claims"	0
your media sucks!	0
doesn't invite inclusion in america...rather he provokes violence and incites division!!	0
when ignorance runs wild it makes the wild look intelligent!!	0
“you can’t live your life afraid. if you do, the bad guys win," maggie said to herself.    …	0
trump in scranton today.....think i'll stay in wilkes barre!	0
the controversy overtrump's tax returns, explained    …	0
has   &	0
here's the meaning of	0
hates loves hate.	0
trump's top tech backer won't attend 'white-nationalist friendly' event	0
how do you explain to your children the   ?	0
real question: why is it allowed?  when do these constant racial slurs stop being unique   & become normal?	0
"i love you donald. i pray for you. i hope that you find some kindness in your heart,"   said.	0
disability rights advocate reminds trump that his mockery offends real people	0
somebody cue the	0
is awesome.  i love   you make me believe that love will	0
.  take no comfort in any poll. we reject   in    not even your party's congressman here utters your name!	0
"love always trumps hate!"	0
we will rise.	0
he was fantastic...boom...	0
what a great speech!	0
quoting   with a tan too!	0
as   said, "you cannot love your country without loving your countrymen & countrywomen."   we reject    in	0
thnx for showing   knows   will	0
thanks for the submission     representing   in the   !! join us and	0
i stand with the     on the principle that the   is not an entry-level job. experience over	0
viva la roger ailes!	0